 'Dog kennel' is redundant The Latin 'canis' (dog) served as the base for the word 'canile' (dog house) This word entered French as 'kenel', which the English changed to kennel Thus, a kennel couldn't technically be for anything else but dogs
 'E' is the most frequently used letter in the English alphabet, 'Q' the least
 'Fine turkey' and 'honeycomb' are terms used for different qualities and textures of sponges
 'Flushable' toilets were in use in ancient Rome.
 'Fortnight' is a contraction of 'fourteen nights.' In the US 'two weeks' is more commonly used.
 'Hang on Snoopy' is the official rock song of Ohio
 'Hat trick' comes from cricket, where at one time, if a player scored three consecutive wickets, he was awarded a hat
 'I am' is the shortest complete sentence in the English language
 'Jaws' is the most common name for a goldfish
 'Kemo Sabe' means 'soggy shrub' in Navajo
 'Lanugo' is the soft woolly hair that covers the human fetus, and that of other mammals, during development It is shed and virtually disappears at birth
 'Long in the tooth,' meaning 'old,' was originally used to describe horses. As horses age, their gums recede, giving the impression that their teeth are growing. The longer the teeth look, the older the horse.
 'Nice' is derived from the Latin 'nescius', ignorant (from 'nescire', 'not to know') Its meaning in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries commonly was 'foolish' or 'wanton'
 'Ough' can be pronounced in eight different ways. The following sentence contains them all: 'A rough-coated, dough-faced ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough, coughing and hiccoughing thoughtfully.
 'Ping-Pong' is a registered trademark of Parker Brothers
 'Q' is the only letter of the alphabet that doesn't appear in the name of any of the United States
 'Rhythms' and 'syzygy' are the longest English words without vowels
 'Second string,' meaning 'replacement or backup,' comes from the middle ages. An archer always carried a second string in case the one on his bow broke.
 'Singapore' means 'City of Lions,' but none have ever been seen there
 'Smut' gets its name from the fungus that lives in corn kernels
 'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand
 'Strength' is the longest English word with only one vowel
 'The Mouse Trap,' by Agatha Christie is the longest running play in history.
 'Typewriter' is the longest word that can be made using the letters on only one row of the keyboard
 'Vader' (as in Darth) means 'father' in Dutch
 'Whence' means 'from where,' so 'from whence' is redundant
 100,000 cubic feet of water pours over the Niagra Falls every second
 100,000 years ago, the human gestation period was 15 months
 19th century tooth powder often contained porcelain, smashed coral or cuttlefish bone
 2,500 lefties die each year using products designed for righties
 25% of all cookies baked in the United States are chocolate chip
 27% of US male college students believe life is a meaningless existential hell
 3% of all photos taken in the US are taken at Disney World or Disneyland
 4,000 people are injured by teapots each year
 40% of McDonald's profits come from the sales of Happy Meals
 54% of Americans prefer to 'fold' their toilet paper rather than 'wad' it
 67 million pounds of pesticides and about 3 million tons of fertilizer are used annually on lawns in the US.
 70% of VCR owners say they’ve never used the timer function
 74% of American women say their biggest dating turn-off is foul language
 82% of the workers on the Panama Canal suffered from malaria
 83% of people hit by lightning are men
 84% of a raw apple is water.
 99% of India’s truck drivers can’t read road signs
 99% of the solar systems mass is concentrated in the sun
 A 'Blue Moon' is the second full moon in a calendar month (it is rarely blue).
 A 'clue' originally meant a ball of thread Hence, one 'unravels' the clues of a mystery
 A 'duffer' is Australian slang for a cattle thief
 A 'femtosecond' is one quadrillionth of a second
 A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time It is 1/100 of a second
 A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
 A 1,200-pound horse eats about seven times it's own weight each year.
 A Cornish game hen is really a young chicken, usually 5 to 6 weeks of age, that weighs no more than 2 pounds.
 A Holstein's spots are like a fingerprint or snowflake. No two cows have exactly the same pattern of spots.
 A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesn't give her coffee.
 A Sphygmomanometer measures blood pressure.
 A baby in Florida was named: Truewilllaughinglifebuckyboomermanifestdestiny His middle name is George James
 A baby is born every seven seconds
 A baby oyster is called a spat
 A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in the world in relation to its size
 A bathometer is an instrument for indicating the depth of the sea beneath a moving vessel.
 A bear has 42 teeth
 A bee has 5,000 nostrils
 A bird requires more food in proportion to its size than a baby or a cat.
 A blind chameleon still changes colors to match his environment
 A bowling pin needs to tilt only 75 degrees to fall
 A building in Belgium was taxed if there was a street light on itunless a statue of the Virgin Mary were place above it Hence, there are no buildings in the city without a statue of the Virgin Mary
 A butterfly has 12,000 eyes
 A can of Spam is opened every 4 seconds
 A capon is a castrated rooster.
 A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
 A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
 A cat in Japan says 'neow'
 A cat in Thailand says 'mao'
 A cat is more inclined to watch TV than a dog, says the experts (A cat relies more on vision, less on smell)
 A cat's jaws cannot move sideways.
 A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body
 A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.
 A chimpanzee can learn to recognize itself in a mirror, but monkeys can't.
 A cluster or bunch of bananas is called a 'hand' Individual bananas are called 'fingers'
 A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off
 A cough releases an explosive charge of air that moves at speeds up to 60 mph.
 A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
 A cow in Thailand says 'oo-ah'
 A cow's only sweat glands are in its nose
 A cucumber is 96% water.
 A day on Jupiter lasts about 9 hours, 50 minutes and 30 seconds at the equator
 A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
 A dog can suffer from tonsillitis, but not appendicitis They don't have an appendix
 A dog can't hear the lowest key on a piano
 A dog in Bangkok says 'bahk-bahk'
 A dog in East Africa says 'woo-woo'
 A dog in Japan says 'wan-wan'
 A dog in Russia says 'gahf-gahft'
 A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why
 A eunuch can't grow a beard
 A face-off in hockey used to be called a 'puck-off,' but was soon changed for obvious reasons
 A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate
 A female mackerel lays about 500,000 eggs at one time.
 A fetus acquires fingerprints at the age of three months.
 A fingernail or toenail takes about 6 months to grow from base to tip.
A fog belt 50 ft deep over an area of 104 square miles contains no more moisture that single bucket of water
 A fully loaded supertanker travelling at normal speed takes a least 20 minutes to stop
 A ghost writer pens an anonymous book.
 A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel
 A giraffe's blood pressure is at least twice that of a healthy man
 A goldfish has a memory span of 3 seconds
 A gozzard is a person who owns geese
 A group of bears is called a sleuth
 A group of jellyfish is called a 'smack'
 A group of kangaroos is called a mob
 A group of owls is called a parliament
 A group of ravens is called a murder
 A group of unicorns is called a blessing
 A hamlet is a village without a church and a town is not a city until it has a cathedral.
 A hippopotamus can open its mouth wide enough to accommodate a 4-foot-tall child
 A hippopotamus can run faster than a man
 A hockey puck is three inches in diameter, one inch thick and weighs 55 to 6 ounces
 A horse expends more energy lying down than standing up
 A human being loses an average of 40 to 100 strands of hair a day.
 A jellyfish is 95 percent water
 A jogger's heel strikes the ground about 1,500 times per mile
 A jumbo jet uses 4,000 gallons of fuel to take off
 A kangaroo can only jump if its tail is touching the ground
 A lump of pure gold the size of a matchbox can be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court.
 A married man is four times more likely to die during sex if his partner isn’t his wife
 A misomaniac is someone who hates everything
 A mule won't sink in quicksand but a donkey will
 A new book is published every 13 minutes in America
 A newborn expels its own body weight in waste every 60 hours
 A newborn kangaroo is about 1 inch in length.
 A newborn turkey chick has to be taught to eat, or it will starve
 A normal spider has about 600 silk glands on its body that it uses to spin its web
 A notch in a tree will remain the same distance from the ground as the tree grows.
 A pencil will write in zero gravity, upside down and under water
 A person at rest generates as much heat as a 100-watt lightbulb
 A person cannot taste food unless it is mixed with saliva
 A person swallows approx 295 times while eating dinner
 A person usually chews a piece of gum 5,500 times before spitting it out
 A poem written to celebrate a wedding is called an epithalamium.
 A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge
 A quarter of the horses in the US died of a vast virus epidemic in 1872.
 A rat can go without water longer than a camel can
 A rat can last longer without water than a camel can.
 A room with bath is perpetually reserved in one of Java's best hotels for the goddess of the South Sea, Njai Loro Kidul
 A rooster in Germany says 'ay-ee-ache-ache'
 A scallop has 35 blue eyes
 A scorpion could survive for three weeks if it was embedded in a block of ice
 A seagull drinks salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
 A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water
 A single share of Coca-Cola stock, purchased in 1919, when the company went public, would have been worth $92,500 in 1997.
 A six-pound sea hare can lay 40,000 eggs in a single minute
 A sixteenth English law allowed men to beat their wives--but only before 10 pm
 A snail's reproductive organs are in its head
 A sneeze can exceed the speed of 100 mph.
 A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour
 A speleologist studies caves.
 A square foot of lawn has 3,000 blades of grass A square foot of fairway has 4,500 A putting green has close to 8,000
 A squid has 10 tentacles
 A stretched out Slinky is 87 feet long
 A thick glass more likely to crack if hot water is poured onto it than a thin one
 A toothpick is the object most often choked on by Americans
 A typical American eats 28 pigs in his/her lifetime.
 A typical bed usually houses over 6 billion dust mites.
 A typical lightning bolt is two to four inches wide and two miles long.
 A vulture throws up on its own feet to cool off in the desert heat
 A warthog only has four warts—all of them on its head
 A whale's heart beats only nine times a minute
 A whale's penis is called a dork
 A wind with a speed of 74 miles or more is designated a hurricane.
 A woodpecker can peck twenty times a second.
 A zebra is white with black stripes.
 Abe Lincoln's favorite sport was wrestling
 About 10 million people share your birthday
 About 10% of the world's population is left-handed.
 About one-tenth of the earth's surface is permanently covered with ice.
 Abraham Lincoln hated being called Abe
 Abraham Lincoln was the only US president ever granted a patent
 Absolutely pure gold is so soft that it can be molded with the hands.
 According to Archives of General Medicine, coffee drinkers have sex more frequently and enjoy it more than non-coffee drinkers
 According to Genesis 3:6, it was not Adam, but Eve who first ate the forbidden fruit
 According to German researchers, the risk of heart attack is higher on Monday than any other day of the week.
 According to ancient Greek literature, when Odysseus arrived home after an absence of 20 years, disguised as a beggar, the only one to recognize him was his aged dog Argos, who wagged his tail at his master, and then died.
 According to scientists, gold exists on Mars, Mercury and Venus
 According to tests made at the Institute for the Study of Animal Problems in Washington, DC, dogs and cats, like people, are either right-handed or left-handed--that is, they favor either their right or left paws
 According to the Food and Drug Administration, two out of five women in America dye their hair
 According to the Kinsey Institute, the biggest erect penis on record measures 13 inches. The smallest tops off at 1 3/4 inches.
 Acting was once considered to be evil, and the actors in the first English play to be performed in America were arrested
 Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger bought the first Hummer manufactured for civilian use in 1992. The vehicle weighed in at 6,300 lbs and was 7 feet wide.
 Acupuncture was first used as a medical treatment in 2700 BC by Chinese emperor Shen-Nung.
 Adjusting for inflation, Cleopatra, 1963, is the most expensive movie ever made to date (mid-1999). Its budget of $44 million is equivalent to 270 million 1999 dollars.
 Adolph Hitler was Time's 'Man of the Year' for 1938
 Advertisements for coffee in London in 1657 claimed that the beverage was a cure for scurvy, gout and other ills.
 African witch doctors only send their patients a bill if they expect them to live
 After 27 years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flinstones vitamin in 1996
 After eating too much, your hearing is less sharp
 After his sight improved, Thomas Edison still preferred using Braille to more normal reading
 After six months at the off-Broadway New York Shakespeare Festival Theater, Hair opened at the Biltmore Theater in New York, in 1968. It was the first rock-musical to play on the Great White Way.
 After spending hours working at a computer display, look at a blank piece of white paper. It will probably appear pink.
 Air pollution may contribute to two percent of all deaths in the US, some 50,000 cases per year. A nine-year study of US cities showed a strong correlation between death rates and periods of significant pollution.
 Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer
 Alaska could hold the 21 smallest States
 Alaska, with 8, is the US state with the most national park sites.
 Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952
 Albert Einstein's last words will never be known He spoke them in German, and the attending nurse did not speak German
 Alexander Graham Bell, inventor of the telephone, also set a world water-speed record of over 70 miles an hour at the age of 72
 Alexander the Great made his soldiers keep clean-shaven so the enemy couldn't grab them by the beards and stab them with their swords
 Alexander the Great was an epileptic
 Alfred Butts, the inventor of Scrabble, decided on the frequency and distribution of letters by analyzing the front page of the New York Times He used a penknife to cut his first set of wooden Scrabble tiles
 Alfred Hitchcock had no belly button for it was eliminated during surgery
 All 17 children of Queen Anne died before she did
 All US Presidents have worn glasses, some of them just didn't like to be seen wearing them in public
 All clams start out as males; some decide to become females at some point in their lives.
 All gondolas in Venice, Italy must be painted black, unless they belong to a high official.
 All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20
 All of the roles in Shakespeare's plays were originally acted by men and boys. In England at that time, it wasn't proper for females to appear on stage.
 All pet hamsters are descended from a single female wild golden hamster found with a litter of 12 young in Syria in 1930.
 All the planets in our solar system could be placed inside the planet Jupiter
 Allan Pinkerton, founder of the famous detective agency, died in 1884 when he stumbled, bit his own tongue, and was killed by the resulting gangrene
 Allied bombers were issued with Biro pens as fountain pens leaked at high altitude
 Almonds and pistachios are the only nuts mentioned in the Bible.
 Almonds are a member of the peach family
 Almonds are the oldest, most widely cultivated and extensively used nuts in the world.
 Almost a quarter of the land area of Los Angeles is taken up by automobiles
 Although Buddhism began and first flourished in India, it had by 1200 all but disappeared there, but had won huge numbers of followers in Ceylon, Burma, Thailand, China and Japan
 Although identified with Scotland, bagpipes are actually a very ancient instrument, introduced into the British Isles by the Romans.
 Although not named in the New Testament, tradition names the two thieves crucified at the same time as Jesus as Dismas and Gestas.
 America once issued a 5-cent bill
 America's best selling ice cream flavor is vanilla
 America's first nudist organization was founded in 1929, by 3 men.
 Americans consume 42 tons of aspirin per day.
 Americans eat 134 pounds of sugar a year
 Americans eat 18 billion hot dogs a year
 Americans eat 20.7 pounds of candy per person annually. The Dutch eat three times as much.
 Americans eat more bananas than any other fruit: a total of 11 billion a year.
 Americans spend approximately $25 billion each year on beer.
 Americans spend around $3 billion for cat and dog food a year
 Americans spend more than $5 billion a year on cosmetics, toiletries, beauty parlors and barber shops.
 Americans spent an estimated $267 billion dining out in 1993.
 Americans spent over $360 million in 1982 to avoid having bad breath.
 Among the Jews of ancient Palestine, there was a specific dietary proscription against mousemeat
 An Italian deck of cards has no queens
 An Oscar weighs seven pounds
 An atomic clock can be made accurate to one second in every 150,000 years
 An average ear of corn has 800 kernels, arranged in 16 rows.
 An average human drinks about 16, 000 gallons of water in a lifetime.
 An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.
 An average person uses the bathroom 6 times per day.
 An egg’s shell accounts for about 12 percent of its weight
 An ermine is a weasel whose coat has turned white for the winter
 An etiquette writer of the 1840's advised, 'Ladies may wipe their lips on the tablecloth, but not blow their noses on it.'
 An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes
 An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes.
 An indocannibal eats only friends An exocannibal eats only enemies
 An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain
 An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
 An ounce of gold can be stretched into a wire 50 miles long.
 Anagrams amused the ancient Greeks, Romans and Hebrews, and were popular during the Middle Ages.
 Ancient Chinese artists would never paint pictures of women's feet.
 Animal breeders in Russia once claimed to have bred sheep with blue wool
 Animal gestation periods: the shortest is the American opossum, which bears its young 12 to 13 days after conception; the longest is the Asiatic elephant, taking 608 days, or just over 20 months.
 Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
 Ants are social insects and live in colonies which may have as many as 500,000 individuals.
 Ants don't sleep.
 Any month that starts on a Sunday will have a Friday the 13th in it.
 Anyone who felled a hazel or apple tree was sentenced to death in ancient Ireland, where these trees were considered sacred
 Anyone writing a letter to the New York Times has one chance in 21 of having the letter published
 Aphids are born pregnant without the benefit of sex. Aphids can give birth 10 days after being born themselves.
 Apples are more effective at keeping people awake in the morning than caffeine
 Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex
 Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king. This custom has become the modern military salute.
 Arrowroot, an antidote for poisoned arrows, is used as a thickener in cooking.
 As early as 246 BC, con men were at work 'aging' manuscripts and selling them to book collectors as antiques
 Assuming Rudolph was in front, there are 40,320 ways to arrange the other eight reindeer
 Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot
 At 16, Confucius was a corn inspector
 At 188 decibels, the whistle of the blue whale is the loudest sound produced by any animal.
 At 4,145 miles, the Nile River is the longest in the world.
 At 840,000 square miles, Greenland is the largest island in the world. It is three times the size of Texas. By comparison, Iceland is only 39,800 square miles.
 At Jack Russell Stadium in Clearwater, Florida, on June 26, 1985, organist Wilbur Snapp played 'Three Blind Mice' following a call by umpire Keith O'Connor. The umpire was not amused, and saw to it that Mr. Snapp was ejected from the game.
 At any one time there are 1,800 thunderstorms taking place in the world
 At any one time, there are 100 million phone conversations going on in the United States
 At one time, Martin Luther was the recognized authority on evicting the Devil Satan pestered Luther with frequent visits and even showered him with hickory nuts on one occasion The militant leader of the Reformation had other means of dealing with the Devil In one encounter, Luther threw dung in the Devil's face In another, he broke wind at him
 At sea level there are 2,000 pounds of air pressure on each square foot of your body
 At the age of 26, Michelangelo began sculpting his monumental statue of David. He finished it seventeen months later, in January, 1504.
 At the height of inflation in Germany in the early 1920s, one US dollar was equal to four quintillion German marks
 At the height of its power, in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.
 Athletic supporters were introduced in 1874 to help bicycle riders as they pedaled over cobblestone roads The term 'jock strap' comes from these early 'bicycle jockeys'
 Aunt Jemima pancake flour, invented in 1889, was the first ready-mix food to be sold commercially.
 Australia is the only country that is also a continent.
 Australian termites have been known to build mounds twenty feet high and at least 100 feet wide.
 Average lifespan of a major league baseball: 7 pitches
 Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
 Average number of people airborne over the US at any given hour: 61,000
 Average people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000
 Avocados have the highest calories of any fruit at 167 calories per hundred grams.
 Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant 'plenty of excrement'
 BVD stands for the organizers of the company: Bradley, Voorhies, and Day.
 Babe Ruth hit his first major-league home run on May 6, 1915. He was playing for the Boston Red Sox at the time. 'The Sultan of Swat' went on to smash 714 round-trippers before he retired, as a New York Yankee, in 1935.
 Babies are born with 300 bones, but by adulthood we have only 206 in our bodies.
 Babies are born without kneecaps They appear when the child is 2-6 years of age
 Baboons can’t throw overhand
 Ballistics is the science that deals with the motion of projectiles.
 Bambi was originally published in 1929 in German
 Banana oil never saw a banana; it's made from petroleum.
 Bananas are actually herbs. Bananas die after fruiting, like all herbs do.
 Band-Aid bandages first appeared on the market in 1921, however, the little red string that is used to open the package did not get added until 1940
 Barbers at one time combined shaving and haircutting with bloodletting and pulling teeth The white stripes on a field of red on a barber pole represent the bandages used in the bloodletting
 Barbers at one time combined shaving and haircutting with bloodletting and pulling teeth. The white stripes on a field of red that spiral down a barber pole represent the bandages used in the bloodletting.
 Barbie's measurements if she were lifesize: 39-23-33
 Baseball rules were codified in 1846 by Alexander Cartwright of the Knickerbocker Baseball Club.
 Baseball's home plate is 17 inches wide.
 Bayer was advertising cough medicine containing heroin in 1898.
 Beards are the fastest growing hairs on the human body. If the average man never trimmed his beard, it would grow to nearly 30 feet long in his lifetime.
 Beaver Cleaver's locker number is 9
 Beavers have orange teeth
 Because it has no backbone, a seventy-pound octopus can squeeze through a hole the size of a silver dollar
 Because its tongue is too short for its beak, the toucan must juggle its food before swallowing it
 Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood
 Because of Animal Crackers, many kids until they reach the age of ten, believe a bear is as tall as a giraffe
 Because of his poor health, Benjamin Franklin needed help to sign the Constitution As he did so, tears streamed down his face
 Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west
 Because steel expands when it gets hot, the Eiffel Tower is 6 inches taller in the summer than in the winter
 Beelzebub, another name for the devil, is Hebrew for Lord of the Flies, and this is where the book's title comes from
 Beethoven poured ice water over his head when he sat down to create music, believing it stimulated his brain
 Before 1800 there were no separately designed shoes for right and left feet
 Before 1850 golf balls were made of leather and stuffed with feathers
 Before 1859, baseball umpires sat behind home plate in rocking chairs
 Before American football players venture on to the field, they don about 13 pounds of protective clothing
 Before Prohibition, Shlitz Brewery owned more property in Chicago than anyone else, except the Catholic church
 Before the Chinese takeover of Tibet in 1952, 25 percent of the males in the country were Buddhist monks
 Bela Lugosi was buried, as he requested, in his famous Dracula cape
 Benjamin Franklin compiled a list of more than 200 synonyms for 'drunk,' including 'cherry-merry,' 'nimptopsical' and 'soaked'
 Benjamin Franklin gave guitar lessons
 Benjamin Franklin invented crop insurance
 Benjamin Franklin invented swim fins
 Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair
 Bette Midler, Barry Manilow and many other famous vocalists got their start in a New York City club called The Continental Baths.
 Between 1931 and 1969 Walt Disney collected thirty-five Oscars.
 Bilbo Baggins was born on September 22 1290.
 Birds don’t fly south for the winter to keep warm—they do it for food
 Birds played a role in aerial warfare during World War I Because of their acute hearing, parrots were kept on the Eiffel Tower to warn of approaching aircraft long before the planes were heard or seen by human spotters
 Black sheep have a better sense of smell than white sheep
 Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people.
 Bloodhounds can’t smell the difference between two identical twins
 Blue and white are the most common school colors
 Blue neckties sell best (Red ties come in second)
 Blue whales weigh as much as 30 elephants and are as long as three Greyhound buses
 Bock's Car was the name of the B-29 Bomber that dropped the Atom Bomb on Nagasaki.
 Bookstore owners in Raleigh, North Carolina, contend that the volume most often stolen year after year is the Bible
 Both George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew cannabis sativa (marijuana) on their plantations.
 Britain's first escalator was installed in Harrods in 1878.
 Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers and laser printers were all invented by women.
 Bulls are color blind
 Butterflies taste with their hind feet
 Buzz Aldrin was the second man to set foot on the Moon Moon was also his mother's maiden name
 By age 60, most people have lost half their taste buds
 By age sixty, most people have lost half of their taste buds.
 By feeding hens certain dyes they can be made to lay eggs with varicolored yolks.
 By law, employees do not have to wash hands after sneezing
 By some unknown means, an iguana can end its own life
 C3P0 is the first character to speak in Star Wars.
 Cacao, the main ingredient of chocolate is the most pest-ridden tree in the jungle
 Caffeine: there are 100 to 150 milligrams of caffeine in an eight-ounce cup of brewed coffee, 10 milligrams in a six-ounce cup of cocoa, 5 to 10 milligrams in one ounce of bittersweet chocolate, and 5 milligrams in one ounce of milk chocolate.
 California's Frank Epperson invented the Popsicle in 1905 when he was 11-years-old.
 Calling a puppy to punish it teaches the dog not to come when it's called It's best to reward your dog by bringing it to you, and to punish it by sending away
 Camel meat is a great delicacy in Egypt
 Camel milk does not curdle.
 Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
 Canada declared national beauty contests canceled as of 1992, claiming they were degrading to women.
 Canada has more lakes than the rest of the world
 Canada is an Indian word meaning 'Big Village'.
 Canada's coastline is six times longer than that of Australia
 Cannibalism, eating human flesh, is also called anthropophagy.
 Capsaicin, which makes hot peppers 'hot' to the human mouth, is best neutralized by casein, the main protein found in milk.
 Captain Cook lost 41 of his 98 crew to scurvy (a lack of vitamin C) on his first voyage to the South Pacific in 1768. By 1795 the importance of eating citrus was realized, and lemon juice was issued on all British Navy ships.
 Captain Jean-Luc Picard's fish was named Livingston.
 Captain Kirk never said 'Beam me up, Scotty,' but he did say, 'Beam me up, Mr. Scott.'
 Car manufacturer Henry Ford was awarded Hitler's Supreme Order of the German Eagle
 Carbonated soda water was invented in 1767 by Joseph Priestley, the discoverer of oxygen.
 Carnegie Hall in New York City opened in 1891 with Tchaikovsky as guest conductor.
 Carnivorous animals will not eat another animal that has been hit by a lightning strike.
 Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on Scooby-Doo
 Cashews are botanically classified as the seed of a tropical and semitropical fruit called the cashew apple
 Cat urine glows under a black light
 Catfish have 100,000 taste buds.
 Cats have over 100 vocal sounds, while dogs only have about 10
 Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten
 Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
 Cats spend over half their lives asleep
 Cats, not dogs, are the most common pets in America. There are approximately 66 million cats to 58 million dogs, with Parakeets a distant third at 14 million.
 Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with
 Certain frogs can be frozen solid then thawed and continue living.
 Chaetophobia: a fear of hair
 Charles Dickens was an insomniac He believed he had the best chance of getting some sleep if he positioned himself exactly in the middle of the bed which must at all times be pointed in a northerly direction
 Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look alike contest
 Cheerios cereal was originally called Cheerioats.
 Chewing gum was patented in 1869 by William Semple.
 Chicago's Lincoln Park was created in 1864. The original 120 acre cemetery had most of its graves removed and was expanded to more than 1000 acres for recreational use.
 Chickens can't swallow while they are upside down
 Children grow faster in the springtime
 China claims to possess the world’s smallest town—Yumen This town, in Tibet, has only three residents--an elderly man and his two daughters The town has a local council, chief executive and an official seal
 China has only about 200 family names
 China's Beijing Duck Restaurant can seat 9,000 people at one time.
 Chocolate contains phenyl ethylamine (PEA), a natural substance that is reputed to stimulate the same reaction in the body as falling in love.
 Chocolate contains the same chemical, phenylethylamine, that your brain produces when you fall in love
 Chocolate syrup was used for blood in the famous 45 second shower scene in Alfred Hitchcock's movie, Psycho, which actually took 7 days to shoot.
 Christmas became a national holiday in the US in 1890.
 Christopher Columbus was blonde
 Cicadas have their hearing organs in their stomachs, at the base of the abdomen Crickets have their hearing organs in their knees, or, more precisely, in the oval slit of their forelegs
 Cinderella is known as 'Tuna' in Finland
 Cinderella's slippers were originally made out of fur. The story was changed in the 1600s by a translator. It was the left shoe that Aschenputtel (Cinderella) lost at the stairway, when the prince tried to follow her.
 City with the most Rolls Royces per capita: Hong Kong
 Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down - hence the expression 'to get fired.'
 Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them would burn their houses down--hence the expression 'to get fired'
 Clocks made before 1687 had only one hand--an hour hand
 Coca-Cola was originally green
 Coca-Cola was so named back in 1885 for its two 'medicinal' ingredients: extract of coca leaves and kola nuts. As for how much cocaine was originally in the formulation, it's hard to know.
 Cocaine was sold to cure sore throat, neuralgia, nervousness, headache, colds and sleeplessness in the 1880s.
 Cojo, the 1st gorilla born in captivity, was born at the Columbus Zoo, in Ohio, in 1956 and weighed 3 1/4 pounds.
 Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church
 Comedian/actor Billy Crystal portrayed Jodie Dallas, the first openly gay main character on network television on ABC's Soap, which aired from 1977 to 1981.
 Confucius was the eleventh child of a 70-year-old soldier
 Connecticut and Rhode Island never ratified the 18th Amendment (Prohibition)
 Consumers spend more than $7 billion a year on chocolate. Annual per capita consumption of chocolate is 12 pounds per person.
 Copies of the Bible and the Koran small enough to fit in a walnut shell have been written by hand
 Cost of raising a medium size dog to the age of 11: $6,400
 Cranberries are one of just 3 major fruits native to North America. Blueberries and Concord grapes are the other two.
 Cranberry Jell-0 is the only kind that contains real fruit
 Crocodiles can see underwater because they have a semi-transparent third eyelid that slides into place when necessary
 Crocodiles kill 2,000 people each year
  DNA stands for Deoxyribonucleicacid.
 Damascus, Syria, was flourishing a couple of thousand years before Rome was founded in 753 BC, making it the oldest continuously inhabited city in existence.
 Dante, Christopher Marlow, Daniel Defoe, Andrew Marvell and Lord Byron all acted as government spies
 Debra Winger was the voice of ET
 Denmark has the oldest national flag in the world
 Devon is the only county in Great Britain to have two coasts.
 Dismal first-year sales of famous products: Cuisinart--sold 200 first year.
 Dismal first-year sales of famous products: Liquid Paper--sold 1,200 bottles first year
 Dismal first-year sales of famous products: Remington typewriter--sold 8 first year.
 Dismal first-year sales of famous products: Scrabble--sold 532 first year.
 Dismal first-year sales of famous products: VW Beetle (U.S.)--sold 330 first year.
 Disney World in Orlando, Florida covers 30,500 acres (46 square miles), making it twice the size of the island of Manhattan, New York.
 Disneyland opened in 1955.
 Dog food is the most profitable food on the market People spend four times as much on dog food as they do on baby food
 Doggie urine damages grass, shrubs and other plant life due to 'urine burn' It's caused by ammonia and urea contained in canine urine The urine makes the soil too acidic
 Dogs and humans are the only animals with prostates
 Dogs aren't as mean in England as in other places A United Nations survey showed that, based upon the fact that fewer British mailmen are bitten by dogs there than in any other nation
 Dogs don't 'sweat with their tongues' as is often said The only sweat glands of significance on a dog are in the soles of their feet Dogs cool themselves primarily by rapid breathing, which is why they pant after running When a dog sticks its tongue out, he does so because it is moist and evaporation helps to cool itnot because he is sweating
 Dogs in the wild seldom, if ever, bark Only those dogs who have come into contact with humans or other domesticated dogs exhibit this behavior Wolves, foxes, wild dogs and other canines only howl, growl, snarl, yelp or whine, but do not bark The reason for this is not known, but it is believed the barking sounds of domesticated dogs are an attempt to imitate human sounds
 Dogs might nip at a toad, but they won't eat them The experts suspect that there's something emitted from the toad's skin that makes the dog let go instantly
 Dogs put their heads out of car windows out of visual curiosity (They like a cool breeze, too) But blowing in a dog's ear is another matter It can be painful because of the sound of the blowing--the frequency drives them nuts
 Dogs tilt their heads when you talk to them because they want you to know they are listening-- without staring at you (as that's a sign of aggression) The tilt might also aide them in seeing us better, as each of their eyes sees half the world with little overlap in the fields of vision
 Dolly Parton once lost a Dolly Parton look-alike contest
 Dolphins sleep with one eye open
 Dolphins swim in circles while they sleep with the eye on the outside of the circle open to keep watch for predators After a certain amount of time they reverse and swim in the opposite direction with the opposite eye open
 Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants
 Donald Duck lives at 1313 Webfoot Walk, Duckburg, Calisota
 Donald Duck lives at 1313 Webfoot Walk, Duckburg, Calisota.
 Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy
 Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.
 Dr James Barry qualified as a doctor, enlisted in the army and became an Inspector-General It was only at the time of 'his' death in 1865 that it was discovered 'he' was actually a woman
 Dr Seuss and Kurt Vonnegut went to college together
 Dr Seuss coined the word 'nerd' in his 1950 book, If I Ran the Zoo
 Dr Seuss pronounced Seuss so it rhymed with 'rejoice'
 Dr. Joel Poinsett, the 1st US ambassador to Mexico, brought the poinsettia to US in 1828. The plant, called 'flower of the blessed night' in Mexico was renamed in Poinsett's honor.
 Dragonflies are one of the fastest insects, flying 50 to 60 mph.
 Drivers tend to drive faster when other cars are around
 Drunk ants always fall over on their right side
 Dry fish food can make goldfish constipated
 Due to erosion, Niagara Falls will disappear in 22,800 years
 Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
 Duffel bags are named after a town of Duffel, Belgium, where they were first made
 During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building may sway several feet to either side
 During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building may sway several feet to either side.
 During its lifetime an oyster changes its sex from male to female and back several times
 During the 1905 football season, eighteen men were killed in college games in the US, 159 were permanently injured
 During the 1918-1919 season, the Stanley Cup playoffs were halted by the worldwide influenza epidemic
 During the Middle Ages, nearly a third of every year was given over to religious holidays
During the US Civil war, 200,000 blacks served in the Union Army; 38,000 gave their lives; 22 won the Medal of Honor.
 During the film 'Don Juan,' John Barrymore delivers a grand total of 191 kisses to a variety of different women, at the rate of one every 53 seconds
 During the high Middle Ages, there was, on the average, a church for every 200 people
 During the time of Peter the Great, any Russian man who had a beard was required to pay a special tax
 Dwight D Eisenhower wore two watches on his left arm and one on his right—even to bed
 Each American eats an average of 51 pounds of chocolate per year.
 Each day 100 or more whales are killed by fishermen
 Each day in the US, animal shelters are forced to destroy 30,000 dogs and cats.
 Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history Spades--King David, Clubs--Alexander the Great, Hearts--Charlemange and Diamonds--Julius Caesar
 Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history: Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
 Each of us generates about 35 pounds of trash a day Most of it is paper
 Each square inch of human skin consists of sixty hairs Not to mention 90 oil glands And 19,000 sensory cells
 Each square inch of human skin consists of twenty feet of blood vessels.
 Each unit on the Richter Scale is equivalent to a power factor of about 32. So a 6 is 32 times more powerful than a 5!
 Early models of vacuum cleaners were powered by gasoline
 Earth is the only planet not named after a God
 Easter is the first Sunday after the first Full Moon after March 21.
 Edward III passed a law stopping people eating more than two meals a day
 Eggplant is a member of the thistle family.
 Eggs are sold on bits of string in Korea
 Electrical storms will make a person dream more frequently in sleep
 Electricity doesn't move through a wire but through a field around the wire
 Elephants can communicate using sounds that are below the human hearing range: between 14 and 35 hertz.
 Elephants have been known to remain standing after they die
 Elizabeth I of England suffered from 'anthophobia,' a fear of roses
 Elvis Presley made his first appearance on national television in 1956. He sang Blue Suede Shoes and Heartbreak Hotel on 'The Dorsey Brothers Show.'
 Elvis' nickname for his sexual organ was 'Little Elvis'
 Emus can't walk backwards
 England and the American colonies adopted the Gregorian calendar on September 14th, 1752. 11 days disappeared.
 England is smaller than New England
 England's Stonehenge is 1500 years older than Rome's Colosseum.
 Enough beer is poured every Saturday across America to fill the Orange Bowl
 Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a novel with over 50,000 words, none of which containing the letter 'e'
 Eskimos don't gamble
 Evard Ericksen sculpted 'The Little Mermaid' statue which is located in Copenhagen harbor.
 Even though it's widely attributed to him, Shakespeare never actually used the word 'gadzooks'
 Even though they broke up 25 years ago, the Beatles continue to sell more records each year than the Rolling Stones.
 Even well educated people use only about one percent of the possible words in the English language when talk to each other
 Every continent in the world contains a city called Rome
 Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US treasury
 Every hour, 12,500 puppies are born in the United States
 Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
 Every major league baseball team in the US buys about eighteen thousand baseballs each season
 Every minute in the US six people turn 17
 Every person has a unique tongue print
 Every person has a unique tongue print.
 Every photograph of an American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
 Every square inch of the human body has an average of 32 million bacteria on it.
 Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie
 Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
 Every year in France there is a 'Thieves Fair,' where people are encouraged to try to steal things from the stalls--if they think they can get away with it
 Every year the sun loses 360 million tons
 Every year, $1.5 billion is spent on pet food. This is four times the amount spent on baby food.
 Every year, Americans dispose of 16 billion pens
 Everyone in the Middle Ages believed -- as Aristotle had -- that the heart was the seat of intelligence.
 Experts say the portrait of George Washington on the quarter is more accurate than the portrait on the $1 bill
 False eyelashes were invented by film director D.W. Griffith while he was making the 1916 epic, 'Intolerance.' He wanted actress Seena Owen to have lashes that brushed her cheeks.
 Fanta Orange is the third largest selling soft drink in the world
 February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have had a full moon
 Fetuses can hiccup
 Fingernails grow faster than toenails.
 Fingernails grow four times faster than toenails
 Fingerprints serve a function - they provide traction for the fingers to grasp things.
 First novel ever written on a typewriter: 'Tom Sawyer'
 Fish cough
 Flies take off backwards
 Florence Nightingale carried a pet owl in her pocket wherever she traveled
 Florida's beaches lose 20 million cubic yards of sand annually
 Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
 For a short time in 1967, the American Typers Association made a new punctuation mark that was a combination of the question mark and an exclamation point called an 'interrobang' It was rarely used and hasn't been seen since
 For a while Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face 'It does not matter,' he explained 'My audience sees only my right side'
 For drinking, washing, etc., an average American uses 168 gallons of water per day. The average American residence uses 107,000 gallons per year.
 For several centuries, women used to rub crushed strawberries on their breasts in the belief that it would enlarge them
 For the 66% of American's who admit to reading in the bathroom, the preferred reading material is 'Reader's Digest.'
 For two years, during the 1970s, Mattel marketed a doll called 'Growing Up Skipper.' Her breasts grew when her arm was turned.
 Former President Cleveland defeated incumbent Benjamin Harrison in 1892, becoming the first (and, to date, only) chief executive to win non-consecutive terms to the White House.
 Fortune cookies were invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodle maker.
 Forty-seven Bibles are sold or distributed throughout the world every minute of the day
 Forty-six US federal agencies have officers with the authority to carry firearms and arrest people.
 Four Popes have died while having sex
 Fourteen percent of the one million citizens of Nairobi, Kenya carry the AIDS virus. Some 20% of the Kenyan military is infected. (1997)
 Fourteenth century physicians didn't know what caused the plague, but they knew it was contagious. As a result they wore an early kind of bioprotective suit which included a large beaked head piece. The beak of the head piece, which made them look like large birds, was filled with vinegar, sweet oils and other strong smelling compounds to counteract the stench of the dead and dying plague victims.
 France has the highest per capita consumption of cheese
 Frank Baum named 'Oz' after a file cabinet in his office. One cabinet was labeled 'A to N,' and the second was labeled 'O to Z.'
 Frederic-August Bartholdi sculpted The Statue of Liberty.
 French fries are the most-ordered item in American restaurants
 French was the official language of England for over 600 years.
 Fresca, the soft drink, had problems when it was sold in Mexico There, Fresca is slang for lesbian
 Fried chicken is the most popular meal ordered in sit-down restaurants in the US. The next in popularity are: roast beef, spaghetti, turkey, baked ham, and fried shrimp.
 Frogs hop faster than toads
 From the 1500's to the 1700's, tobacco was prescribed by doctors to treat a variety of ailments including headaches, toothaches, arthritis and bad breath.
 From the Middle Ages up until the end of the 19th century, barbers performed a number of medical duties including bloodletting, wound treatment, dentistry, minor operations and bone-setting. The barber's striped red pole originated in the Middle Ages, when it was a staff the patient would grip while the barber bled the patient.
 G.I. Joe was introduced at the annual American International Toy Fair in New York on Feb. 9, 1964.
 Gabriel Fahrenheit invented the mercury thermometer
 Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the three angels mentioned by name in the Bible.
 Gaetano Albert 'Guy' Lombardo did the first New Year's Eve broadcast of 'Auld Lang Syne,' from the Roosevelt Grill in New York City in 1929/1930.
 Gale warnings were first issued in 1861
 Galileo's most powerful telescope was as strong as a pair of binoculars are today
 Gandhi slept naked with women in order to test his mastery of celibacy
 Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was first developed.
 Gene Cernan was the last man on the moon
 General Douglas MacArthur’s mother dressed him in skirts until he was eight
 General US Grant owned slaves
 George Bernard Shaw refused an Oscar in 1938, for the screenplay Pygmalion
 George Gershwin suffered from chronic constipation for most of his life
 George Harrison, with 'My Sweet Lord,' was the first Beatle to have a Number 1 hit single following the group's breakup.
 George Washington Carver invented peanut butter
 George Washington loved to play marbles
 George Washington's favorite horse was named Lexington. Napoleon's favorite was Marengo. U.S. Grant had three favorite horses: Egypt, Cincinnati, and Jeff Davis.
 Gerald Ford, George Bush, Tommy Lasorda, Ted Koppel, John F. Kennedy Jr. and Bill Clinton are all left handed.
 German Shepherds bite humans more than any other breed of dog.
 Ghosts appear in 4 Shakespearian plays; Julius Caesar, Richard III, Hamlet and Macbeth.
 Ginger has been clinically demonstrated to work twice as well as Dramamine for fighting motion sickness, with no side effects.
 Giraffes are unable to cough
 Giraffes have no vocal cords
 Goethe could only write if he had an apple rotting in the drawer of his desk
 Goldfish lose their color if they are kept in dim light or are placed in a body of running water, such as a stream.
 Goldfish swallowing started at Harvard in 1939
 Golfers use an estimated $800 million worth of golf balls annually.
 Gorillas purr
 Goulash, a beef soup, originated in Hungary in the 9th century AD.
 Grand Rapids, Michigan was the 1st US city to fluoridate its water in 1945.
 Grand Rapids, Michigan was the first city in the US to put fluoride in their water.
 Granite conducts sound ten times faster than air
 Granny's full name on The Beverly Hillbillies was Daisy Moses
 Greece's national anthem has 158 verses
 Grenade-throwing is an official sporting event in the People's Republic of China
 Greyhounds have the keenest eyesight of any dog breed
 Gunsmoke debuted on CBS-TV in 1955, and went on to become the longest-running (20 years) series on television.
 Haggis, the national dish of Scotland: take the heart, liver, lungs, and small intestine of a calf or sheep, boil them in the stomach of the animal, season with salt, pepper and onions, add suet and oatmeal. Enjoy!
 Hair grows about 001 inch every day
 Hair is made up of dead tissue
 Half of all the different types of flowers in the world can be found in South America
 Half the peanuts grown in America are used for peanut butter
 Half the world exists on a basic diet of rice
 Hans Christian Andersen, Cher, Tom Cruise, Albert Einstein, Whoopie Goldberg, Greg Louganis, Lee Harvey Oswald, and Gen. George S. Patton, are (were) all dyslexics.
 Harriet Beecher Stowe's 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' was published March 20, 1852. It was the first American novel to sell one million copies.
 Hawaii is the only US state that grows coffee.
 Hawaii officially became apart of the US on June 14, 1900.
 Henry Ford experimented with soy Many of the meals served in his home consisted of his soy creations
 Henry I decided that a yard should be the distance from his thumb to the end of his nose
 Henry Thoreau’s nose was so long be could swallow it
 Here is the literal translation of one of the standard traffic signs in China It reads: 'Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway'
 Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
 Hilary Clinton once said 'We are the President'
 Hitler was claustrophobic
 Hockey doesn't even make it onto the list of the top 10 most dangerous sports—they are: football, skiing, baseball, swimming and basketball
 Hockey pucks travel at speed of up to 100 miles an hour
 Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil
 Honey is used as the center of some golf balls
 Horse-racing regulations state that no race horse's name may contain more than 18 letters (Actually, it's 18 letters or spaces, total) Names that are too long would be cumbersome on racing sheets
 Horses can sleep standing up
 How many cars can drive side by side on the Monumental Axis in Brazil, the world's widest road* 160
 Howard Hughes insisted on storing his urine in large glass bottles in a garage near his home He employed an assistant to count and look after them
 Howard Hughes originated the cantilever bra
 Howdy Doody had 48 freckles
 Human adults breathe about 23,000 times a day
 Human beings have been around for only 00002 percent of the Earth’s history
 Humans are the only animals that copulate face to face.
 Humans have 639 muscles--caterpillars have over 4,000
 Humans shed about 600,000 particles of skin every hour - about 1.5 pounds a year. By 70 years of age, an average person will have lost 105 pounds of skin.
 Humans shed and regrow outer skin cells about every 27 days - almost 1,000 new skins in a lifetime.
 Hummingbirds are the smallest birds - so tiny that one of their enemies is an insect, the praying mantis.
 Hungarian brothers George and L'szlo Biro invented the ball point pen in 1938.
 Hydroponics is the technique by which plants are grown in water without soil.
 IBM's motto is 'Think.'
 Ice cream was invented in 1620
 Ice hockey pucks travel at speed of up to 100 miles an hour
 Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation
 Iceland was the first country to legalize abortion in 1935
 Icelanders read more books per capita than any other people in the world
 If Monaco's ruling house of Grimaldi should ever be without an heir (male or female), the country will cease to be a sovereign state.
 If a cow has twins, a bull and a heifer, the heifer will never be able to reproduce
 If a human hair were the thickness of nylon rope, it could support a train engine
 If an octopus is hungry enough, it will eat its own arms
 If it were removed from the body, the small intestine would stretch to a length of 22 feet.
 If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
 If the sun stopped shining suddenly, it would take eight minutes for people on earth to be aware of the fact.
 If they all lived, two ordinary house flies could produce 5,000,000,000,000 offspring in one season
 If you add together all the numbers on a roulette wheel (1 to 36) the total is the mystical number 666
 If you add up the numbers 1-100 consecutively (1+2+3+4+5 etc) the total is 5050.
 If you are afraid that you might die laughing--you are suffering from cherophobia
 If you are locked in a completely sealed room, you will die of carbon dioxide poisoning first before you will die of oxygen deprivation.
 If you are over 100 years old, there is an 80% chance you are a woman
 If you ask someone to think of a card, the most common answer is 'the four of spades'
 If you ate too many carrots you would turn orange
 If you can see a rainbow you must have your back to the sun
 If you could drive to the sun--at 55 miles per hour--it would take about 193 years
 If you go blind in one eye, you'll only lose about one-fifth of your vision (but all your depth perception.)
 If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $119 You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar
 If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom
 If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
 If you refrigerate rubber bands, they’ll last longer
 If you translate them literally, the Chinese term 'kung fu' means 'leisure time'
 In 'Gulliver's Travels,' Jonathan Swift described the two moons of Mars, Phobos and Deimos, giving their exact size and speeds of rotation He did this more than 100 years before either moon was discovered
 In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined
 In 1221 Genghis Khan killed 1,748,000 people at Nishapur in one hour
 In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats
 In 1800 on 50 cities on earth had a population of more than 100,000
 In 1810 US population was 7,239,881. Black population at 1,377,808 was 19%. In 1969 US population reached 200 million.
 In 1845 Boston had an ordinance banning bathing unless you had a doctor's prescription
 In 1860, 'Godey's Lady's Book' advised US women to cook tomatoes for at least 3 hours.
 In 1865 opium was grown in the state of Virginia and a product was distilled from it that yielded 4 percent morphine. In 1867 it was grown in Tennessee: six years later it was cultivated in Kentucky. During these years opium, marijuana and cocaine could be purchased legally over the counter from any druggist.
 In 1865, several veterans of the Confederate Army formed a private social club in Pulaski, Tennessee, called the Ku Klux Klan.
 In 1888, an estimated 300,000 mummified cats were found at Beni Hassan, Egypt. They were sold at $18.43 per ton, and shipped to England to be ground up and used for fertilizer.
 In 1889, the 1st coin-operated telephone, patented by Hartford, Connecticut inventor William Gray, was installed in the Hartford Bank. Local calls using a coin-operated phone in the U.S. cost only 5 cents everywhere until 1951.
 In 1892, Italy raised the minimum age for marriage for girls - to 12.
 In 1894 there were only 4 automobiles in the US.
 In 1900 the average age at death in the US was 47.
 In 1905, 18 men died from injuries sustained on the football field. President Theodore Roosevelt stepped in and instituted safety measures to make the game safer.
 In 1910, magician Harry Houdini was the first solo pilot to fly a plane in Australia He taught himself to drive an automobile just so he could drive out to the airfield--and he never drove again
 In 1920, 57% of Hollywood movies billed the female star above the leading man. In 1990, only 18% had the leading lady given top billing.
 In 1924, Pope Urban VIII threatened to excommunicate snuff users.
 In 1924, an eighteen-foot-high candle weighing three tons was erected in honor of the singer, Enrico Caruso, in Naples
 In 1925, the 1st motel -- the 'Motel Inn' -- opened in San Luis Obispo, California.
 In 1932 James Markham obtained the 1st patent issued for a tree. The patent was for a peach tree.
 In 1935, Jesse Owens set six track and field world records in less than one hour
 In 1938 Joe Shuster and Jerry Siegel sold all rights to the comic-strip character Superman to their publishers for $130.
 In 1956, the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay went to 'The Red Balloon' which contained no dialogue
 In 1957, the Shippingport Atomic Power Station in Pennsylvania, the first nuclear facility to generate electricity in the United States, went on line. (It was taken out of service in 1982.)
 In 1960, an estimated 4,000 people were over 100 years old in the U.S. By 1995 the number had jumped to : 55,000.
 In 1962, the Mashed Potato, the Loco-Motion, the Frug, the Monkey, and the Funky Chicken were popular dances.
 In 1972, a Swedish man balanced on one foot for over five hours, using nothing for support
 In 1973 two blind Peruvian soccer teams played a match using a ball filled with dried peas
 In 1976 a South American guppy became the first fish in space
 In 1976, a Los Angeles secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a 50-pound rock The ceremony was witnessed by more than 20 people
 In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones--Bhutan
 In 1982, in the first operation of its kind, doctors at the University of Utah Medical Center implanted a permanent artificial heart in the chest of retired dentist Dr. Barney Clark, who lived 112 days with the device.
 In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.
 In 1995, KFC sold 11 pieces of chicken for every man, woman and child in the US.
 In 4000 BC Egypt, men and women wore glitter eye shadow made from the crushed shells of beetles.
 In Albania nodding the head means 'no' and shaking the head means 'yes'
 In Atlanta, Georgia, it is illegal to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole or street lamp
 In Brazil, at the Maracaña Stadium, a moat had to be built around the playing field to keep fans from assaulting the players and referees
 In Bristol, England, there is a law stating that a dog (but not a cat) has the right to observe sexual activities and can't be kicked out of bed just for getting in the way
 In Brooklyn, NY, it's illegal to let a dog sleep in your bathtub
 In Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile, it has never rained
 In Casablanca, Humphrey Bogart never said 'Play it again, Sam.'
 In Christian theology there are nine choirs of angels. From highest to lowest, they are: seraphim, cherubim, thrones, dominions, virtues, powers, principalities, archangels, and angels.
 In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is Yensid, which is Disney spelled backward.
 In Egypt, in 1500 BC, a shaved head was considered the ultimate in feminine beauty Their women removed every hair from their heads with special gold tweezers and polished their scalps to a high sheen with buffing cloths
 In Elizabethan England the spoon was such a novelty, such a prized rarity, that people carried their own folding spoons to banquets
 In Elizabethan slang, the term 'to die' meant to have an orgasm
 In England and the American colonies they year 1752 only had 354 days. In that year, the type of calendar was changed, and 11 days were lost.
 In English pubs, ale is ordered by pints and quarts So in old England, when customers got unruly, the bartender would yell at them to mind their own pints and quarts and settle down It's where we get the phrase 'mind your Ps and Qs'
 In Fantasia, the sorcerer's name is Yensid, which is Disney spelled backward
 In India it costs less to have sex with a prostitute than it does to buy a condom
 In M&M candies, the letters stand for Mars and Murrie, the developers of the candy in 1941.
 In Minnesota, you may not hang male and female underwear next to each other on a clothesline
 In October 1959 Elizabeth Taylor became the first Hollywood star to receive $1 million for a single picture. (for Cleopatra)
 In Papua New Guinea there are villages within five miles of each other that speak different languages
 In Shakespeare's time, mattresses were secured on bed frames by ropes--when you pulled on the ropes the mattress tightened, making the bed firmer to sleep on That's where the phrase, 'good night, sleep tight!' came from
 In Siberia, in 1994, a container full of marijuana was discovered in the 2,000-year-old grave of a Scythian princess and priestess, among the many other articles buried with her.
 In The Wizard of Oz the Scarecrow was looking for a brain, the Cowardly Lion was looking for courage, and the Tin Man was looking for a heart.
 In Wales, sheep outnumber people by two to one
 In Wilton, Maine, there is a cannery that imports and cans only dandelion greens
 In a lifetime the average US resident eats more than 50 tons of food and drinks more than 13,000 gallons of liquid.
 In a normal lifetime an American will eat 200 pounds of peanuts and 10,000 pounds of meat
 In a sex study 45 percent of American men said they prefer to make love with the light on--which is unfortunate, because only 17 percent of American women prefer it that way
 In a typical season major league baseball will require 4,800 ash trees worth of Louisville sluggers.
 In an authentic Chinese meal, the last course is soup because it allows the roast duck entree to 'swim' toward digestion.
 In ancient Boustrophedon writing every alternate line in the text reads from right to left
 In ancient China and certain parts of India, mouse meat was considered a great delicacy
 In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death
 In ancient Greece, where the mouse was sacred to Apollo, mice were sometimes devoured by temple priests
 In ancient Greece, women counted their age from the date on which they were married, not from the day they were born
 In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
 In cats, the calico and tortoiseshell coats are sex-linked traits. All cats displaying these coats are female... or occasionally sterile males.
 In deep space most lubricants will disappear
 In early eighteenth-century Portugal, the Church owned two-thirds of all the land
 In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid
 In every episode of 'Seinfeld' there is a Superman somewhere
 In her films, Shirley Temple always had 56 curls in her hair
 In its entire lifetime, the average worker bee produces 1/12th teaspoon of honey.
 In medieval Thailand, they had moveable type printing presses The type was made from baked oxen dung
 In most American states, a wedding ring is exempt by law from inclusion among the assets in a bankruptcy estate. This means that a wedding ring cannot be seized by creditors, no matter how much the bankrupt person owes.
 In nearly every language in the world, the word for mother begins with a 'm' sound
 In playing poker, there is one chance in 500 of drawing a flush.
 In regard to estimating a dog's age 'in human years' The first year of canine life is equal to 21 years of human life (the dog grows to adulthood) Every additional year is equivalent to four human years
 In space, astronauts can’t cry because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow
 In the '40s, the Bich pen was changed to Bic for fear Americans would pronounce it 'bitch'
 In the Arctic, the sun sometimes appears to be square
 In the Balanta tribe of Africa, a bride remained married until her wedding gown was worn out If she wanted a divorce after 2 weeks, all she had to do was rip up her dress This was the custom until about 20 years ago, anyway
 In the Congo, one must be very careful not to utter the name of anyone who is out fishing Certain Congolese think you put such a whammy on the named native that he won't catch anything but flies
 In the Great Seal of the US the eagle grasps 13 arrows and an olive branch.
 In the Greek version of Scrabble, the letter worth the most points is 'omega'
 In the United States, a pound of potato chips cost two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes
 In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.
 In the early 19th century the words 'trousers' and 'pants' were considered obscene in England
 IIn the vast majority of the world's languages, the word for 'mother' begins with the letter 'm'
 India has 50 million monkeys
 Infant beavers are called kittens.
 Insects consume 10% of the world's food supply every year
 Insulin was discovered in 1922 by Sir Frederick Banting and Dr. Charles Best.
 Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
 Ireland is the only place where windmills turn clockwise
 Isaac Newton's only recorded utterance while he was a member of Parliament was a request to open the window
 Isaac Newton, Peter Tchaikovsky and Annie Lennox were all born on Christmas.
 It costs about $6,400 to raise a medium-size dog to age 11
 It costs more to buy a new car today in the United States than it cost Christopher Columbus to equip and undertake three voyages to and from the New World
 It is a Hindu custom not to cut a child's fingernails before they are a year old
 It is a criminal offence to drive around in a dirty car in Russia
 It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear
 It is estimated that there are nearly half a million sauna baths in Finland
 It is forbidden for aircraft to fly over the Taj Mahal.
 It is impossible to sneeze and keep one's eyes open at the same time
 It is possible for any American citizen to give whatever name he or she chooses to any unnamed mountain or hill in the United States
 It is possible to extract aspirin from the bark of trees
 It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
 It is the larvae of moths that can damage cloths, not the moths themselves
 It is widely held that hair on a corpse continues to grow This macabre belief might be due to the fact that some tissue shrinkage occurs when one dies The hair only appears to have grown, because the skin around each hair has receded somewhat
 It takes 17 muscles to smile --- 43 to frown.
 It takes 21 pounds of milk to make one pound of butter
 It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs
 It takes 35 to 65 minks to produce the average mink coat. The numbers for other types of fur coats are: beaver - 15; fox - 15 to 25; ermine - 150; chinchilla - 60 to 100.
 It takes 4,000 crocuses to produce a single ounce of saffron
 It takes 60 seconds for blood to make one complete circuit of the human body
 It takes 720 peanuts to make a pound of peanut butter
 It takes a fall of about eight building stories to kill a cat A fall of three stories will typically break their jaw (due to a floating collar bone), but it takes a fall of five or six stories to break a leg
 It takes a lobster approximately seven years to grow to be one pound.
 It takes a ton of water to make a pound of refined sugar
 It takes forty minutes to hard boil an ostrich egg.
 It takes the 'Where's Waldo' artist one month to complete a drawing
 It takes the typical person seven minutes to fall asleep
 It was illegal for women to wear buttons in fifteenth-century Florence
 It would require an average of 18 hummingbirds to tip the scale at 1 ounce
 It would take 27,000 spiders, each spinning a single web, to produce a pound of web
 It's against the law for dogs to chase or even worry squirrels on the grounds of the state capitol in Raleigh, North Carolina
 It's estimated that you'll eat 35,000 cookies in your lifetime
 It's rumored that sucking on a copper penny will cause a breathalyzer to read 0
 Italy’s national flag was designed by Napoleon
 Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes
 Japan is the largest exporter of frog's legs
 Japan is the world's leading importer of iron ore.
 Jaw muscles can provide about 200 pounds of force to bring the back teeth together for chewing.
 Jeanne Pierre Francois Blanchard built the first parachute and tested it using a dog
 Jergens Lotion was created by Andrew Jergens, a former lumberjack, in 1880.
 Jerry Seinfeld's apartment number (on the show) is 5A In the old episodes it was 3A
 Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, and Jim Morrison were all 27 years old when they died.
 Jimmy Carter was the first US president to have been born in a hospital
 Johanna Sebastian Bach wrote an operetta about coffee
 John Hughes wrote the screenplay for 'Weird Science' in just two days
 John Larroquette of 'Night Court' was the narrator of 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre'
 John Lennon was legally blind all of his life
 John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles
 John Milton used 8,000 different words in his poem, 'Paradise Lost.'
 John Wilkes Booth's brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son
 Jousting is the state sport of Maryland
 Julius Caesar and Napoleon Bonaparte both suffered from epilepsy.
 Julius Caesar was self-conscious about his receding hairline, hence the laurel wreath he wore
 Julius Caesar, Martin Luther and Jonathan Swift all suffered from Ménièr's disease. It is a disorder of the hearing and balance senses causing hissing, roaring or whistling sounds to be perceived.
 Julius Epstein won an Oscar for co-writing 'Casablanca' in 1942, and 31 years later won another Oscar for 'Reuben, Reuben'
 Kermit the Frog has 11 points on his collar around his neck
 Kermit the Frog is left-handed
 Ketchup was once sold as a medicine
 Kidney stones come in any color--from yellow to brown
 Kikkoman soy sauce was originated in 1630 in Japan.
 King Camp Gillette invented the first disposable safety razor Two years after he first patented his invention, he had only sold 168 blades By the following year, sales jumped to an incredible 124 million blades
 King Charles VII, assassinated in 1167, was the first Swedish king with the name of Charles Charles I, II, III, IV, V, never existed
 King Henry III of France, Louis XVI of France and Napoleon all suffered from ailurophobia--fear of cats
 KKing Louis XIX ruled France for about 15 minutes
 Koalas never drink water They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat
 Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I.
 LEGO comes from the Danish, 'LEg GOdt,' which means 'play well'
 La Paz, Bolivia, at 11,900 feet above sea-level, is the highest large city in the world.
 Lab tests can detect traces of alcohol in urine six to 12 hours after a person has stopped drinking.
 Lacrosse is the official national game of Canada, not hockey
 Ladles are older than spoons
 Lake Pontchartrain Causeway at New Orleans, Louisiana, is the world's largest bridge. It is almost 24 miles (about 38 kilometers) long.
 Large doses of coffee can be lethal. Ten grams, or 100 cups over 4 hours, can kill the average human.
 Large kangaroos cover more than 30 feet with each jump.
 Las Vegas has more churches per capita than any other US city
 Laser stands for 'light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.' Developed 1950s - 1960s.
 Lee Harvey Oswald was booked with mugshot number 54018
 Leonardo da Vinci could draw with one hand and write with the other--at the same time
 Leonardo da Vinci invented an alarm clock that woke the sleeper by gently rubbing their feet
 Leonardo da Vinci spent twelve years painting the Mona Lisa's lips
 Leonardo da Vinci was the first to suggest using contact lenses to see back in 1508
 Levan, Utah is 'navel' spelled backwards It is so named because it is in the middle of Utah
 Levi Strauss blue jeans with copper rivets were priced at $13.50 per dozen in 1874.
 Levi's 501 jeans got their number from their original stock number in the first Levi's store
 Lewis Carrol wrote his books while standing up
 Lewis Carroll wrote 98,721 letters in the last thirty-seven years of his life
 Light travels at the rate of 186,200 miles a second.
 Little Jackie Paper was the name of Puff the Magic Dragon's human friend.
 Lobsters are scared of octopuses The sight of one makes a lobster freeze
 Los Angeles's full name is El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula
 Louis XIV insisted that none of his courtiers sit in chairs with arms
 Louis XIV of France once had an unfortunate experience while putting on a sock--his toe fell off
 Louis the XIV had fourteen personal wigmakers and 1,000 wigs
 Macaroni, Gentoo, Chinstrap and Emperor are types of penguins.
 Magnetic ants are so-named because they always build their nests pointing north and south
 Mailing an entire building has been illegal in the US since 1916 when a man mailed a 40,000-ton brick house across Utah to avoid high freight rates
 Maine is the only state in the United States whose name has one syllable.
 Maine is the only state in the United States whose name is just one syllable
 Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
 Male bees will try to attract sex partners with orchid fragrance
 Mammerfest in Norway is the most northerly town in the world
 Man is the only animal that cries
 Man is the only animal that sleeps on its back
 Many hamsters blink one eye at a time
 Many years ago in England, pub frequenters had a whistle baked into the rim or handle of their ceramic cups When they needed a refill, they used the whistle to get some service 'Wet your whistle,' is the phrase inspired by this practice
 Margaret Higgins Sanger, a pioneer of birth control, was one of 11 children
 Marie Curie, the Nobel Prize-winning scientist who discovered radium died as a result of over-exposure to radioactivity
 Martha Washington, Pocahontas, and Susan B. Anthony are the only 3 women to have been represented on US currency.
 Mary Magdalene is the patroness of hairdressers
 McDonalds and Burger King sugar-coat their fries so they will turn golden-brown.
 Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots
 Members of the Chenchu tribe in India believe that if you conceive a child at night it will be born blind
 Members of the Nazi SS had their blood type tattooed on their armpits.
 Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
 Men commit suicide three times more frequently than women do. But women attempt suicide two to three times more often than men.
 Men get hiccups more often than women
 Men have more blood than women Men have 15 gallons versus 875 gallons for women
 Men laugh longer, more loudly, and more often than women
 Men spent about 106 days out of their lives shaving
 Mercury is the only metal that is liquid at room temperature.
 Mexico City is sinking at a rate of 6 to 8 inches a year because it's built on top of an underground reservoir. Wells are drawing out more and more water for the city's growing population of more than 15 million people.
 Mexico City is the oldest capital city in the Americas.
 Mexico once had three different Presidents in the space of 24 hours
 Mickey Mouse is known as 'Topolino' in Italy.
 Midgets and dwarfs almost always have normal-sized children, even if both parents are midgets or dwarfs.
 Milk from young coconuts was successfully used as blood plasma during World War II
 Mineral deposits in caves: The ones growing upward are stalagmites, the ones growing downward are stalactites.
 Mistletoe is a parasite It wraps itself around certain trees to extract the sap from them On the other hand, mistletoe, an evergreen, can also help its host by supplying it with chlorophyll in winter when the host plant has lost its leaves
 Mockingbirds can imitate any sound from a squeaking door to a cat meowing.
 Moles are able to tunnel through 300 feet of earth in a day.
 Money isn't made out of paper, it's made out of linen.
 More American workers (18%) call sick on Friday than any other day of the week Tuesday has the lowest percent of absenteeism (11%)
 More Americans die in January than in any other month
 More Americans have died in automobile accidents than have died in all the wars ever fought by the United States
 More Mohicans wore Mohawks than the Mohawks did
 More babies are conceived in December than in any other month (It makes sense, then, that more babies are born in September than in any other month)
 More money is spent on gardening than on any other hobby
 More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food
 More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in air crashes.
 More people are killed annually by donkeys than in airplane crashes
 More people go to the laundromat on Sunday than go to church
 More steel in the US is used to make bottle caps than to manufacture automobile bodies
 More than 14 million Bic pens are sold daily in 150 countries 'Bic' is actually a shortened version of founder Marcel Bich's name
 More than 2 billion pencils are used in the United States every year
 More than 20,000 men were killed, wounded, or missing in action in the battle of Antietam, September 17, 1862. This was the bloodiest one-day fight during the Civil War.
 More than 99.9% of all the animal species that have ever lived on earth were extinct before the coming of man.
 More water flows over Niagara Falls every year than over any other falls on earth.
 Morphine was given its name in 1803 by the discoverer, a 20 year old German pharmacist named Friedrich Saturner. He named it after Morpheus, the Greek god of dreams.
 Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color
 Mosquitoes are the common vector for malaria, encephalitis, yellow fever and dengue fever.
 Mosquitoes dislike citronella because it irritates their feet.
 Mosquitoes have 47 teeth
 Mosquitoes prefer children to adults, and blondes to brunettes.
 Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
 Most collect calls are made on Father's Day
 Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
 Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of the blue whale
 Most landfilled trash retains its original weight, volume, and form for 40 years.
 Most lipstick contains fish scales
 Most lipstick contains fish scales.
 Most mammals are color-blind
 Most men have erections every hour to hour and a half during sleep.
 Most pencils sold in Europe don't have erasers
 Most toilets flush in E flat
 Most tropical marine fish could survive in a tank filled with human blood
 Moths have no stomach
 Movie detective Dirty Harry's badge number is 2211.
 Mozart never went to school
 Mozart wrote the music for the song 'Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star,' when he was only five years old
 Mr P J Tierney, father of the modern diner, died of indigestion in 1917 after eating at a diner
 Mr Potatohead was the first toy advertised on TV
 Nabisco's 'Oreo's' are the world's best-selling brand of cookie at a rate of 6 billion sold each year. The first Oreo was sold in 1912.
 Napoleon Bonaparte is the historical figure most often portrayed in movies. He has been featured in 194 movies, Jesus Christ in 152, and Abraham Lincoln in 137.
 Napoleon made his battle plans in a sandbox
 Napoleon was terrified of cats
 Natural gas has no odor. The smell is added artificially so that leaks can be detected.
 Naturalists use marshmallows to lure alligators out of swamps
 Nearly 50% of all bank robberies take place on Friday.
 Nearly a quarter of all the bones in the human body can be found in the feet
 Nearly a quarter of the population of Poland was killed in the Second World War
 Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon with his left foot first
 Neutering a cat extends its life span by two or three years.
 Nevada has more out-of-work dancers than any other state
 Nevada was the first state to sanction the use of the gas chamber, and the first execution by lethal gas took place in February, 1924.
 New Jersey has a spoon museum with over 5,400 spoons from almost all the states
 New Jersey, with 96, is the US state with the greatest number of hazardous waste sites.
 New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in February, 1826.
 New York's first St. Patrick's day parade was held on March 17, 1762.
 Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds
 No NFL team that plays its home games in a domed stadium ever won a Superbowl--until the St Louis Rams in 2000
 No matter its size or thickness, no piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
 No species of wild plant produces a flower or blossom that is absolutely black, and so far, none has been developed artificially.
 No two spider webs are the same.
 No word in the English language rhymes with 'month'
 No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple.
 Nobody is buried in Grant's tomb. President & Mrs. Grant are entombed there. A body is buried only when it is placed in the ground and covered with dirt.
 Nobody won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1972
 Nondairy creamer is flammable
 None of the passengers of the Mayflower had middle names
 North Dakota is the only state that has never had an earthquake
 Nose hair serves the same purpose as the air filter in your car
 Nose prints are the most reliable way to identify dogs
 Not one new livestock animal has been domesticated in the last 4,000 years
 Nowhere in the Bible does it mention that Jesus was ever a carpenter as most people think Although Matthew 13:55 states that he was a carpenter's son, and Mark 6:3 tells that people called him a carpenter, there is no other reference in the Bible indicating the occupation of Jesus
 Number of people who will starve to death this year (1997): 20,000,000.
 Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
 Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
 Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
 Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are 50 years of age or older
 Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions.
 Of the 156 women college presidents in the United States in 1979, 105 were nuns
 Of the 2200 persons quoted in the current edition of 'Bartlett's Familiar Quotations,' only 164 are women.
 Of the 262 men who have held the title of pope, 33 have died by violence.
 Of the typographical errors in the Constitution, the misspelling of the word 'Pensylvania' above the signers' names is probably the most glaring
 Offered a new pen to write with, 97% of all people will write their own name.
 Ohio is listed as the 17th state in the US, but technically it is Number 47 Until August 7, 1953, Congress forgot to vote on a resolution to admit Ohio to the Union
 Olives are fruits
 Olympic badminton rules say that the bird has to have exactly fourteen feathers.
 On April 12, 1938, the state of New York passed a law requiring medical tests for marriage license applicants, the first state to do so.
 On August sixth, 1945, during World War Two, the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, Japan, killing an estimated 140,000 people in the first use of a nuclear weapon in warfare.
 On Dec. 10th 1901 the 1st Nobel prizes were awarded. Literature - Rene Sully-Prudhomme; Physiology - Emil von Behring; Chemistly - Jacobus van't Hoff; Physics - Wilhelm Roentgen; Peace - Jean Henri Dunant Frederic Passy.
 On December 20, 1860, South Carolina was the first state to secede from the Union.
 On February 6, 1971 the 1st golf ball was hit on the moon by Alan Shepard.
 On February 9, 1993, 'Dateline NBC' was forced to publicly apologize, and NBC president Michael Gartner resigned for a scandal caused by 'Dateline' rigging a GM truck with explosives to simulate a 'scientific' crash-test demo.
 On July 28th, 1945, a US Army bomber crashed into the 79th floor of New York's Empire State Building, killing 14 people.
 On June 26th, 1945, the charter of the United Nations was signed by 50 countries in San Francisco. (The text of the charter was in five languages: Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.)
 On an average work day, a typist's fingers travel 126 miles
 On an island in northern Wales there's a village called Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllandysiliogogogoch
 On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year
 On average, 13 people a year die from vending machines falling on them
 On average, a 4-year-old child asks 437 questions a day
 On the average, a normal person's eye muscles move about 100,000 to 150,000 times in one day
 On the day The Wizard of Oz's Judy Garland died, a tornado touched down in Kansas
 On the new $100 bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10
 One has to wonder why the day when Jesus died is called 'Good Friday' In its earlier, archaic meaning, the word 'good' was synonymous with 'holy' and was often used as a euphemism for God
 One hundred and twenty drops of water are needed to fill a teaspoon
 One in every four Americans has appeared on television
 One of the holiest Christian holidays is named after a pagan goddess. The name 'Easter' derives from the Anglo-Saxon goddess Eostre, who governed the vernal equinox.
 One of the most efficient ways of cleaning your teeth is to chew on a stick
 One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today because cotton growers in the ‘30s lobbied against hemp farmers--they saw it as competition
 One out of every three English males between the ages of 17 and 35 was killed in World War I
 One out of two Americans live within 50 miles of where they grew up
 One pound of tea can make 300 cups of the beverage.
 One ragweed plant can release as many as one billion grains of pollen.
 One year, Elvis Presley once paid 91% of his annual income to the IRS
 One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year
 Only 30% of humans can flare their nostrils
 Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
 Only full-grown male crickets can chirp.
 Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older
 Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th The last signature wasn't added until 5 years later
 Only two people signed the Declaration of Independence on July 4th, John Hancock and Charles Thomson. Most of the rest signed on August 2, but the last signature wasn't added until 5 years later.
 Oranges, lemons, watermelons, and tomatoes are berries.
 Orchids have the smallest seeds. It takes more than 1.25 million seeds to weigh 1 gram.
 Ostrich racing is a popular sport in South Africa
 Over 20 million Africans were transported to America and the Caribbean during the 300 years of the slave trade
 Over 400 films have been made based on the plays of Shakespeare
 Over 80% of professional boxers have suffered brain damage.
 Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue
 Owls have eyeballs that are tubular in shape, because of this, they cannot move their eyes.
 Pablo Picasso's career lasted seventy-eight years, from 1895 until his death in 1973.
 Paper was invented early in the second century by a Chinese eunuch
 Parker Brothers was founded by George Swinerton Parker, 18, in 1885. The first game produced was 'Banking,' in which the player who amasses the most wealth is the winner.
 Parrots, most famous of all talking birds, rarely acquire a vocabulary of more than twenty words, however Tymhoney Greys and African Greys have been know to carry vocabularies in excess of 100 words.
 Patrick Henry was elected as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention, but declined, because he 'smelt a rat'
 Peanuts are beans.
 Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
 Peladophobia: fear of becoming bald
 Penguins are the only bird that can leap into the air like porpoises
 Penicillin was first produced synthetically in a laboratory in 1946.
 Penny Marshall was the first woman director to have a film take in more than $100 million at the box office--the film was 1988’s Big
 Penny Marshall was the first woman film director to have a film take in more than $100 million at the box office - she accomplished this with the 1988 flick Big.
 People living in mountain states eat 30% more cookies than other people
 People used to wear shoes on either foot
 People who drink coffee are less likely to commit suicide than people who don’t
 People who have never been married are seven and a half times more likely than married people to be admitted to a psychiatric facility
 Pepsi was originally named Brad's Drink, and Kool-Aid originally went by Fruit Smack Flavored Syrup
 Per capita, the Irish eat more chocolate than Americans, Swedes, Danes, French, and Italians.
 Percentage of Africa that is wilderness--28% Percentage of North America that is wilderness--38%
 Percentage of American men who say they would marry the same woman if they had it to do all over again: 80% Percentage of American women who say they'd marry the same man: 50%
 Percentage of Americans who have visited Disneyland or Disney World: 70
 Perfume contains ethyl alcohol and 25% fragrant oils. Cologne is cheaper to produce and to purchase because the oil content in cologne is only 3%. Cologne was named for the German city in which it was first produced. The original formula combined alcohol, lemon spirits, orange bitters and mint oil.
 Persians first began using colored eggs to celebrate spring in 3,000 B.C. 13th century Macedonians were the first Christians on record to use colored eggs in Easter celebrations. Crusaders returning from the Middle East spread the custom of coloring eggs, and Europeans began to use them to celebrate Easter and other warm weather holidays.
 Pet parrots can eat virtually any common 'people-food' except for chocolate and avocados. Both of these are highly toxic to the parrot and can be fatal.
 Pi has been calculated to 2,260,321,363 digits  The billionth digit in Pi is 9
 Pierce Brosnan's first appearance as James Bond was in 1995 Golden Eye.
 Pigs can cover a mile in 75 minutes when running at top speed
 Pigs, walruses and light-colored horses can be sunburned.
 Pinocchio is Italian for 'pine eyes'
 Pinocchio was made of pine
 Plastic lawn flamingos outnumber real flamingos in the USA
 Playboy's Playmate of the Month was originally called the Sweetheart of the Month
 Playing cards in India are round
 Playing cards were issued to British pilots in WWII If captured, they could be soaked in water and unfolded to reveal a map for escape
 Pogonophobia: fear of beards
 Poison oak and poison ivy are members of the cashew family
 Pollen lasts forever
 Poor whites in Florida and Georgia are called 'crackers.' They got the name from their principal staple food, cracked corn. Another theory states that the name comes from the days when they would drive cattle southward using the 'crack' of their bullwhips to keep the animals in line and moving.
 Pope Paul IV, elected on May 23, 1555, was so outraged when he saw the naked bodies on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel that he ordered Michelangelo to paint over them
 Popeye was 5’6' tall
 Popeye's friend Wimpy's full name is J Wellington Wimpy
 Porcupines are excellent swimmers, because their quills are hollow
 Potato chips are American's favorite snack food. They are devoured at a rate of 1.2 billion pounds a year.
 Potato chips were invented in Saratoga Springs in 1853 by chef George Crum. They were a mocking response to a patron who complained that his French fries were too thick.
 Pound for pound, earthworms make up half of all animal life
 Pound for pound, locusts contain 30 percent more protein than a T-bone steak
 Pregnant mothers who eat heavily spiced foods or foods with lots of seasoning are more likely to have children born with hair on their head
 President Garfield could simultaneously write in Latin with one hand and in Greek with the other
 President George Washington created the Order of the Purple Heart in 1782. It's a decoration to recognize merit in enlisted men and non-commissioned officers.
 President Lincoln proclaimed the first national Thanksgiving Day in 1863.
 Prior to 1900, prize fights lasted up to 100 rounds
 Prize fights prior to the turn of the century were fought bare knuckled, and often lasted up to more than a hundred rounds
 Professor Moriarity was Sherlock Holmes' archenemy.
 Prussic acid, in a crystalline powder called Zyklon B, was used to kill in Germany's gas chambers. The gas would paralyze the victim's lungs, causing them to suffocate.
 Purse-snatching is punishable by death in Haiti
 Queen Elizabeth II made her last curtsey at her father's funeral
 Queen bees can lay three thousand eggs in one day
 Queen bees only sting other queen bees
 Quotation marks have only been around for 300 years
 Rabbits and horses can’t vomit
 Racehorses have been known to wear out new shoes in one race
 Rain contains vitamin B12
 Rather than kiss, Samians simply smell each other
 Rats are omnivorous, eating nearly any type of food, including dead and dying members of their own species.
 Rats can't throw-up.
 Red is almost never used on ice cream packaging. it reminds people of heat
 Research indicates mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
 Research show that only 43% of homemade dinners served in the US include vegetables.
 Rhinoceros horn, which is much in demand for medicinal purposes is not horn at all, but the animal's hair
 Rice is the chief food for half the people in the world
 Rice is the staple food of more than one-half of the world's population.
 Rice paper isn't made from rice but from a small tree which grows in Taiwan.
 Richard Nixon was the 1st US president to visit China in February, 1972.
 Rin Tin Tin, was voted the most popular film performer of 1926
 Roman Emperor Caligula made his horse a senator
 Roosters can't crow if they can't fully extend their necks
 Roses cut in the afternoon last longer than ones cut in the morning
 Rubber is an important ingredient on the manufacture of bubble-gum
 Rudyard Kipling only used black ink
 Russia has the most movie theaters in the world
 Saffron, made from the dried stamens of cultivated crocus flowers, is the most expensive cooking spice.
 Salt is mentioned more than 30 times in the Bible.
 Santa's reindeer are: Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner, and Blitzen.
 Scholars estimate that the 66 books of the King James version of the Bible were written by some 50 different authors.
 Scientists insist that no dog has ever been bored
 Scotland exports sand to Saudi Arabia
 Sea water, loaded with mineral salts, weighs about a pound and a half more per cubit foot than fresh water at the same temperature.
 Sean Connery once worked as a coffin-polisher
 Seven of the eight US Presidents who have died in office - either through illness or assassination - were elected at precisely 20-year intervals.
 Seven suicides are recorded in the Bible.
 Seventy-five percent of the inhabitants of Norway live within 10 miles of the sea
 Shakespeare was the first to use certain words that are now common, including 'hurry,' 'bump,' eyeball' and 'anchovy'
 Sharks apparently are the only animals that never get sick. As far as is known, they are immune to every known disease including cancer.
 Sheep prefer to drink running water
 Sherlock Holmes never said 'Elementary, my dear Watson.'
 Sherlock Holmes, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's brilliant detective, arrived on the mystery scene in the late nineteenth century in 'A Study in Scarlet' (1887).
 Ships can travel faster in cold water than warm
 Sideburns were named after General Ambrose Everett Burnside—inventor of the breech-loading rifle
 Sidewinder snakes move in their peculiar fashion to avoid putting too much of their body area on the hot desert sand
 Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns
 Since Hindus don't eat beef, the McDonald's in New Delhi makes its burgers with mutton.
 Singapore has 299,000 people per square kilometer
 Singapore only has one train station
 Sir Isaac Newton, who invented Calculus, had trouble with names to the point where he would forget his brothers' names
 Sir William Backstone wrote perhaps the most influential book ever on English law, yet never practiced law himself
 Sir Winston Churchill was a prisoner-of-war during the Boar War
 Six fictional characters have stars on the Walk of Fame: Lassie, Rin Tin Tin, Mickey Mouse, Bugs Bunny, Woody Woodpecker and Snow White
 Sliced bread was introduced under the Wonder Bread label in 1930.
 Slugs have 4 noses
 Snails can sleep for three years without eating
 Snails have teeth They are arranged in rows along the snail's tongue and are used like a file to saw or slice through the snail's food
 Snails produce a colorless, sticky discharge that forms a protective carpet under them as they travel along. The discharge is so effective that they can crawl along the edge of a razor without cutting themselves.
 Snakes are immune to their own poison.
 Soldiers arrived to fight the Battle of Marne in World War I not on foot or by military airplane or military vehicle--but by taxi cabs France took over all the taxi cabs in Paris to get soldiers to the front
 Some 160,000 people attempt suicide every year in France
 Some Kenyans live inside the trunks of the baobab tree
 Some apes in the wild have been observed whistling
 Some baby giraffes are more than six feet tall at birth.
 Some insects can live up to a year without their heads
 Some ribbon worms will eat themselves if they cant find any food
 Some toothpastes contain antifreeze
 Sri Lanka is the second largest tea-producer in the world
 St. Augustine, Florida is the oldest city in the US.
 State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
 Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book The Naked Lunch
 Stevie Wonder endorses all contracts with his fingerprint
 Strawberries have more vitamin C than oranges
 Swans are the only birds with penises.
 Swimming pools in Phoenix, Arizona, pick up 20 pounds of dust a year
 Swiss Steak, Chop Suey, Russian Dressing, and a Hamburger all originated in the US.
 Switzerland is the only European country without a single head of state
 Sylvia Miles had the shortest performance ever nominated for an Oscar with Midnight Cowboy Her entire role lasted only six minutes
 TE Lawrence, know as Lawence of Arabia, used a fleet of Rolls Royces to transport his unit when he led British forces against the Turks in Syria
 Tabasco sauce is made by fermenting vinegar and hot peppers in a French oak barrel which has three inches of salt on top and is aged for three years until all the salt is diffused through the barrel
 Taft was the last President with facial hair
 Talking on a cellular phone while driving is against the law in Israel.
 Talmudists believe Adam and Eve resided in paradise a mere 12 hours before they were kicked out
 Tapeworms range in size from about 0.04 inch to more than 50 feet in length.
 Tea was so expensive when it was first brought to Europe in the early 17th century that it was kept in locked wooden boxes.
 Ten inches of snow equals one inch of rain in water content.
 Ten per cent of the salt mined in the world each year is used to de-ice the roads in America.
 Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka
 Ten tons of space dust falls on the Earth every day
 Tens of thousands of Ugandans reported that they had seen and heard a talking tortoise in 1978
 Tequila is made from the root of the blue agave cactus.
 Texas was one of the first states to adopt capital punishment by lethal injection -- in 1977.
 The 'Miss America' pageant made its network TV debut on ABC In 1954. Miss California, Lee Ann Meriwether, was crowned the winner.
 The 'O' when used as a prefix in Irish surnames means 'descendant of.'
 The 'Spruce Goose' flew on November 2, 1947, for one mile, at a maximum altitude of 70 feet. Built by Howard Hughes, it is the largest aircraft ever built, the 140-ton eight-engine seaplane, made of birch, has a wingspan of 320 feet. It was built as a prototype troop transport. Rejected by the Pentagon, Hughes put the plane into storage, never to be flown again.
 The 'Twelve Days of Christmas' gifts: A partridge in a pear tree, two turtledoves, three French hens, four calling birds, five gold rings, six geese laying, seven swans swimming, eight maids milking, nine ladies dancing, ten lords leaping, eleven pipers piping, and twelve drummers drumming. (There are 364 gifts altogether)
 The 'caduceus' the classical medical symbol of two serpents wrapped around a staff - comes from an ancient Greek legend in which snakes revealed the practice of medicine to human beings.
 The 'huddle' in football was formed due to a deaf football player who used sign language to communicate and his team didn't want the opposition to see the signals he used and in turn huddled around him.
 The 'save' icon in Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk—with the shutter on backwards
 The 'sic' command comes from a corruption of the German word 'such', pronounced 'sook', which means seek or search The meaning and pronunciation have been altered over time
 The 'y' in signs reading 'ye olde..' is properly pronounced with a 'th' sound, not 'y'. The 'th' sound does not exist in Latin, so ancient Roman occupied (present day) England used the rune 'thorn' to represent 'th' sounds. With the advent of the printing press the character from the Roman alphabet which closest resembled thorn was the lower case 'y'.
 The 12th president of the United States was David Rice Atchinson, a Missouri senator who served for one day in 1849
 The 1st 20 African slaves were brought to the US, to the colony of Virginia in 1619, by a Dutch ship.
 The 1st Academy Awards ceremony to be telecast was the 25th, in 1953.
 The 1st Academy Awards were presented in 1927.
 The 1st CMA (Country Music Association) Awards, hosted by Sonny James and Bobbie Gentry, were presented at an awards banquet and show in 1967.
 The 1st Kentucky Derby was run at Churchill Downs in 1875 with Aristides as winner.
 The 1st NBA player to score 38,000 points was Kareem Abdul-Jabar in 1989.
 The 1st Rose Bowl game was held in 1902 in Pasadena, California. The University of Michigan beat Sanford 49-0.
 The 1st Super Bowl was played in 1967. The Green Bay Packers of the National Football League defeated the Kansas City Chiefs of the American Football League, 35-to-10.
 The 1st US Minimum Wage Law was instituted in 1938. The minimum wage was 25 cents per hour.
 The 1st US Mormon temple was dedicated in Kirtland, Ohio in 1836.
 The 1st US federal holiday honoring Martin Luther King, Jr. was in 1986.
 The 1st US federal legislation prohibiting narcotics (opium) was enacted in 1909.
 The 1st US federal penitentiary building was completed at Leavenworth, Kansas in 1906.
 The 1st US zoo was built in Philadelphia, PA, in 1876.
 The 1st annual Grammy Awards were awarded in 1959. The Record of the Year was 'Volare' by Domenico Modugno, the Album of the Year was 'Peter Gunn' by Henry Mancini and the winner of the best R&B performance was 'Tequila' by Champs.
 The 1st black player in the American League was Larry Doby with the Cleveland Indians in 1947.
 The 1st buffalo ever born in captivity was born at Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo in 1884.
 The 1st comic strip was 'The Yellow Kid,' in the New York World in 1896. The cartoonist was Richard Felton Outcault.
 The 1st cover of 'Sports Illustrated,' in 1954, showed National League umpire, Augie Donatelli, behind the plate with two major-league stars: catcher Wes Westrum, and batter Eddie Matthews.
 The 1st feature-length animated film, released by Disney Studios in 1937, was 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.'
 The 1st inductees to the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1961 were Jimmie Rodgers, Fred Rose and Hank Williams were.
 The 1st interracial kiss on TV took place Nov. 22, 1968 between Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner) and Lt.Uhura (Nichelle Nichols) on an episode of 'Star Trek.'
 The 1st kiss in a movie was between May Irwin and John Rice in 'The Widow Jones,' in 1896.
 The 1st live televised murder was in 1963, when Jack Ruby killed JFK's assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald while millions of viewers watched.
 The 1st nuclear-powered submarine, the Nautilus, commissioned by the United States Navy in 1954, made her maiden voyage on Jan. 17, 1955.
 The 1st performance of Handel's 'Messiah' was on April 13, 1742 at the New Music rooms in Fishamble St., Dublin. Because of the demand for space, the men were asked not to wear their swords and the ladies not to wear hooped skirts.
 The 1st personal computer, the Apple II, went on sale in 1977.
 The 1st pick (by Eagles) in the 1st NFL draft in 1935, was Jay Berwanger from the University of Chicago. He never played in the league
 The 1st players elected to Baseball Hall of Fame were Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Honus Wagner, Christy Mathewson & Walter Johnson in 1936.
 The 1st presidential news conference filmed for TV was in 1955. Eisenhower was the president.
 The 1st televised presidential debate was September 26, 1960, between Nixon and Kennedy.
 The 1st triple jump in figure skating competition was performed by Dick Button in 1952.
 The 1st unattended, 24-hour self-service laundromat in the United States was opened by Nelson Puett in 1949 on North Loop in Austin, Texas
 The 1st winner of the Academy Award for best picture, and the only silent film to achieve that honor, was the 1927 film, 'Wings.'
 The 3 Magi:(or Wise Men) and their gifts: Melchoir, 'king of light,' offered Gold, Gaspar ,'or the white one,' offered frankincense, and Balthazar, 'lord of treasures,' offered myrrh.
 The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola and Budweiser, in that order
 The 7 Dwarfs are Happy, Grumpy, Dopey (the beardless one), Doc, Bashful, Sneezy, Sleepy. They were miners.
 The Academy Award statue is named after a librarian's uncle One day Margaret Herrick, librarian for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, remarked that the statue looked like her Uncle Oscar--the name stuck
 The Academy Awards were first broadcast in color in 1966
 The African lungfish can live out of water for up to four years
 The Agen plum which would become the basis of the US prune industry was first planted in California in 1856.
 The Amazon river pushes so much water into the Atlantic that, more than 100 miles at sea, off the mouth of the river, one can dip fresh water out of the ocean and drink it
 The American Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (ASPCA) was formed in 1866.
 The American poet Emily Dickinson used to talk to visitors from a adjoining room, because she was so self-conscious about her appearance
 The Ancient Egyptians trained baboons to wait at their tables
 The Ancient Romans used to toast a woman's health by drinking a glass of wine for every letter of her name
 The Andy Griffith Show was the first spin-off in TV history It was spun-off from The Danny Thomas Show
 The Anopheles mosquito, which carries the malaria parasite Plasmodium is estimated to have been responsible for half of the human deaths in history, outside of war and accidents, since the Stone Age
 The Apaches referred to horses as 'god dogs'
 The Arctic ocean is the smallest and shallowest. The Arctic Ocean is the world's smallest ocean. It is mostly covered by solid ice, ice floes, and icebergs
 The Arctic tern flies to the Antarctic and back every year
 The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean.
 The Aztec and Maya Indians played a complicated game not unlike lacrosse When the game was finished, the captain of the losing team was slaughtered before the onlookers and his body was torn limb from limb
 The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
 The Baths of Caracalla in ancient Rome covered almost 28 acres More than 1,600 people could bathe at the same time
 The Beatles were George Harrison, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and Ringo Starr. But there were also two lesser known, previous members of the band: Pete Best and Stu Sutcliffe.
 The Beatles were depicted in wax at Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum in London, in 1964, the first pop album stars to be honored.
 The Beatles' 1st song to hit the UK charts was 'From Me to You' in June, 1963.
 The Bible devotes some 500 verses on prayer, less than 500verses on faith, but over 2000 verses on money and possessions.
 The Bible was written by about 40 men over a period of about 1600 years dating from 1500 BC to about 100 years after Christ.
 The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
 The Black Hole, 1979, was Disney's first PG-rated movie.
 The Brownie box camera, introduced by Eastman Kodak, sold for $1.00 in 1900. The camera's 6-exposure film sold for 15 cents.
 The Butterfinger candy bar was first produced by Chicago's Curtiss Candy Co. in 1923. As an advertising ploy, candy bars were dropped from an airplane on cities in 40 states.
 The CIA, desperate to undermine Fidel Castro’s popularity, once planned to put hair-remover inside his shoes during an oversea trip so his famous beard would fall out
 The California grape and wine industries were started by Count Agoston Haraszthy de Moksa, who planted Tokay, Zinfandel, and Shiras varieties from his native Hungary in Buena Vista in 1857.
 The California redwood - coast redwood and giant sequoia - are the tallest and largest living organism in the world.
 The Chinese ideogram for 'trouble' depicts two women living under one roof
 The Chinese were using aluminum to make things as early as 300 AD Western civilization didn't rediscover aluminum until 1827.
 The Church of Scientology was founded in 1953, at Washington DC, by US science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard.
 The Cullinan Diamond is the largest gem-quality diamond ever discovered. Found in 1905, the original 3,100 carats were cut to make jewels for the British Crown Jewels and the British Royal family's collection.
 The Danish flag is the oldest unchanged national flag in existence
 The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper
 The Dome of the Rock in Jerusalem is one of the few shrines in the world simultaneously sacred to three religions: Christianity, Judaism and Islam
 The Earth is the densest plant in our solar system
 The Earth weighs 6,600 billion billion tons
 The Eiffel Tower has 1792 steps
 The Eiffel Tower has 2,500,000 rivets in it
 The Eiffel Tower is 984 feet high.
 The Eiffel Tower receives a fresh coat of 300 tons of reddish-green paint every seven years.
 The Eiffel Tower was built for the 1889 World's Fair.
 The English language has the most words--nearly one million German has less than 180,000 words French has less than 100,000
 The FDA allows an average of 30 or more insect fragments and one or more rodent hairs per 100 grams of peanut butter.
 The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, named in the Bible's Book of Revelation, are Conquest, Slaughter, Famine, and Death.
 The Fresh Kills Landfill site on Staten Island, New York, opened in 1948, is the world's largest. It covers 3,000 acres and receives up to 14,000 tons of garbage a day. It is scheduled to reach capacity and close by the year 2002.
 The Great Lakes are Lake Michigan, Lake Huron, Lake Superior, Lake Erie and Lake Ontario.
 The Great Pyramid of Cheops was originally designed with windows
 The Greeks in the time of Alexander liked blonde hair Men and women alike bleached their hair with potash water and herbs, creating a reddish-blond color
 The Green Hornet is the Lone Ranger's grandnephew
 The Gregorian calendar was introduced by Pope Gregory in 1582 AD, and was adopted by Great Britain and the English colonies in 1752.
 The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from British public libraries
 The Gulf Stream could carry a message in a bottle at an average of 4 miles per hour
 The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters
 The Hershey Foods Corporation can produce 30 three million Hershey's Kisses in one day of production
 The Hindu holy day begins at sunrise, the Jewish holy day begins at sunset, and the Christian holy day begins at midnight.
 The Hollywood sign was first erected in 1923. Conceived as a real estate ad, it originally read Hollywoodland. The sign stands 50 feet tall, stretches 450 feet across, weighs 450,000 pounds.
 The Hoover Dam was built to last 2,000 years. The concrete in it will not even be fully cured for another 500 years.
 The House of Lancaster, symbolized by the red rose, won England's 'War of the Roses.'
 The Hundred Year War actually lasted 116 years (1337 to 1453).
 The IRS would need at least 15 3/4 miles of shelves to store the tax forms they receive each year
 The Icelandic Parliament is the oldest surviving parliament in the world It was founded in AD 930
 The Incas and the Aztecs were able to function without the wheel
 The Indian atlas-moth has a 12-inch wing span
 The Japanese, Santa Claus is a woman
 The Jazz Singer, 1927, was the first movie with audible dialogue.
 The Jews and the early Christians started the day at sunset 'Christmas Eve' means, accordingly, the first part of Christmas Day, and it was only later that it came to be considered as the evening before Christmas The same goes for New Year's Eve
 The Jordanian city Amman was once called Philadelphia.
 The Kiwi, national bird of New Zealand, can't fly. It lives in a hole in the ground, is almost blind, and lays only one egg each year. Despite this, it has survived for more than 70 million years.
 The LL in LL Bean stands for Leon Leonwood
 The Les Nessman character on the TV series WKRP in Cincinnati wore a Band-Aid in every episode, either on himself, his glasses or his clothing
 The Lone Ranger's 'real' name is John Reid.
 The Looney Tunes song is actually called 'The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down.'
 The Looney Tunes theme song is actually called The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down
 The MGM Grand's 170,000 square foot casino is larger than the playing field at Yankee Stadium
 The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
 The McDonalds at the SkyDome in Toronto, Ontario is the only one in the world that sells hot dogs
 The Merriam-Webster Collegiate Dictionary is banned in Carlsbad, New Mexico
 The Miss America Contest was created in Atlantic City in 1921 with the purpose of extending the tourist season beyond Labor Day.
 The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows—shaved eyebrows were a fad at the time
 The Mona Lisa, by daVinci, is 2'6' by 1'9'.
 The Monty Python movie 'The Life of Brian' was banned in Scotland.
 The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
 The Netherlands used to be known as the United States
 The New York phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII It had no Hitlers after WWII
 The New York phone book had 22 Hitlers listed before World War II ... and none after.
 The Ohio river forms at the confluence of the Allegheny and the Monongahela.
 The Olympic Games were held in St. Louis, MO. In 1904, the first time that the games were held in the United States.
 The Oscar statuette was designed by MGM's art director, Cedric Gibbons, in 1928. The design has remained unchanged, except for getting a higher pedestal in the 1940's.
 The Ottoman Empire once had seven emperors in seven months They died of (in order): burning, choking, drowning, stabbing, heart failure, poisoning and being thrown from a horse
 The Ouija board is named for the French and German words for yes - oui and ja.
 The Owl is the only bird to drop its upper eyelid to wink All other birds raise their lower eyelids
 The Pacific Giant Octopus, the largest octopus in the world, grows from the size of pea to a 150 pound behemoth potentially 30 feet across in only two years, its entire life-span.
 The Pantheon is the largest building from ancient Rome that survives intact.
The Pillsbury Bake-off has been held every year since 1948.
 The Poison Arrow frog has enough poison to kill 2,200 people
 The Popsicle was invented by eleven-year-old Frank Epperson in 1905 He left a container of soda and a stirrer outside overnight and in the morning discovered them frozen together
 The Professor on 'Gilligan's Island' was named Roy Hinkley. The Skipper was named Jonas Grumby. Both names were used only once in the entire series, on the first episode.
 The Prudential Life Insurance Company in USA stopped using their slogan 'Own A Piece Of The Rock' after Rock Hudson died of AIDS and many jokes where made about him and the slogan.
 The Puritans forbade the singing of Christmas carols
 The Ramses brand of condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II He fathered more than 160 children
 The Red Baron, Manfred von Richtofen, Germany's air ace in World War I, was nicknamed by Allied pilots for his plane, a red Albatros fighter—he had 60 confirmed kills He was shot down, and killed, in France on April 21, 1918
 The Republic of Israel was established April 23, 1948.
 The Romans let their beards grow during mourning, but the Greeks did the opposite
 The Russian Imperial Necklace has been loaned out by Joseff jewelers of Hollywood for 1,215 different feature films.
 The Salvation Army's motto is 'Blood and fire'
 The San Diego Zoo in California has the largest collection of animals in the world.
 The San Francisco cable cars are the only mobile national monuments
 The Seven Deadly Sins are lust, pride, anger, envy, sloth, avarice and gluttony.
 The Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History houses the world's largest shell collection, some 15 million specimens. The Soma plant is thought to be sacred in India, and has over 100 hymns dedicated to it
 The South Pole is colder than the North Pole
 The Stanley Cup was donated in 1893 by Canada's then-Governor General, Frederick Arthur, Lord Stanley of Preston Lord Stanley never saw a Stanley Cup game
 The Statue of Liberty arrived in New York City in 1885 aboard the French ship 'Isere.'
 The Statue of Liberty weighs 225 tons.
 The Statue of Liberty's index finger is eight feet long
 The Three Musketeers names are Porthos, Athos, and Aramis (D'Artagnan joins them later.)
 The Three Wise Men of the East brought gold, frankincense and myrrh to the infant Jesus. Frankincense is a gum resin used as a base for incense. Myrrh, also a gum resin, was valued as a perfume and unguent used in embalming.
 The Titanic was the first ship to use the SOS signal. It was adopted as the international signal for distress in 1912, and the Titanic struck the iceberg in April of that year.
 The Todas, a sect in India, hold in high regard their 'holy milkman' He must be celibate, and he can never cut his hair Ordinary customers can only approach him on Mondays and Thursdays
 The US Constitution has 4,400 words It is the oldest and the shortest written constitution of any government in the world
 The US city with the highest murder rate is Detroit, with 45.3 homicides per 100,000 people.
 The USSR set off the largest nuclear explosion in history, detonating a 50 megaton bomb (2600 times the Hiroshima bomb) in an atmospheric test over the Novaya Zemla Islands, October 30 1961.
 The Union ironclad, Monitor, was the first U.S. ship to have a flush toilet.
 The Union ironclad, Monitor, was the first US ship to have a flush toilet
 The United States government keeps its supply of silver at the US Military Academy at West Point, NY.
 The United States minted a 1787 copper coin with the motto 'Mind Your Business.'
 The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century.
 The Vince Lombardi Trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl.
 The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer.
 The White House, in Washington DC, was originally gray, the color of the sandstone it was built out of. After the War of 1812, during which it had been burned by Canadian troops, the outside walls were painted white to hide the smoke stains.
 The Wizard of Oz was a Broadway musical 37 years before the MGM movie version was made. It had 293 performances and then went on a tour that lasted 9 years.
 The YKK on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha, the world's largest zipper manufacturer
 The ZIP in Zip-code stands for 'Zoning Improvement Plan.'
 The abbreviation 'ORD' for Chicago's O'Hare airport comes from the old name 'Orchard Field.'
 The abbreviation for one pound, 'lb,' comes from the astrological sign Libra, meaning balance
 The act of snapping one's fingers has a name It is called a 'fillip'
 The act of sneezing is called 'sternutation'
 The actor Stewart Granger, changed his name because didn't like his real name James Stewart
 The air we breathe is 78% nitrogen, 21.5% oxygen, .5% argon and other gases.
 The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the 'American Pie'
 The albatross can sleep while in flight
 The amount American Airlines saved in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class: $40,000
 The ampersand (&) was once a letter of the English alphabet
 The anaconda, one of the world's largest snakes, gives birth to its young instead of laying eggs.
 The ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone.
 The anemometer is an instrument which measures the force, velocity, or pressure of the wind.
 The animal responsible for the most human deaths world-wide is the mosquito.
 The animal that can last the longest without drinking water is the rat
 The annual White House Easter egg-roll was started by President Hayes in 1878.
 The are 255 squares on a Scrabble board
 The ashes of the average cremated person weigh nine pounds
 The ashes of the average cremated person weigh nine pounds.
 The average American buys 17 yards of dental floss each year
 The average American consumes 1,500 pounds of food each year
 The average American consumes enough caffeine in one year to kill a horse
 The average American eats 114,000 Tootsie Rolls in their lifetime
 The average American eats two donuts a day
 The average US high school graduate has a vocabulary of about 60,000 words
 The average adult male ostrich, the world's largest living bird, weighs up to 345 pounds.
 The average adult stands 04 inch taller in the morning than in the evening, because the cartilage in the spine compresses during the day
 The average bank teller loses about $250 every year
 The average bank teller loses about $250 every year.
 The average bed is home to over 6 billion dust mites
 The average child will eat 1,500 PB sandwiches by high school graduation.
 The average desktop computer contains 5-10 times more computing power than was used to land a man on the moon
 The average duration of sexual intercourse for humans is 2 minutes.
 The average garden-variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head
 The average human body contains enough carbon to make 900 pencils
 The average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva in a lifetime
 The average human produces 25,000 quarts of spit in a lifetime, enough to fill two swimming pools.
 The average man will spent about 145 days of this life shaving
 The average pencil can write 45,000 words
 The average person can live 11 days without water
 The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
 The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night.
 The average person laughs about 15 times a day.
 The average person loses about 25-125 hairs a day
 The average person releases nearly a pint of intestinal gas by flatulence every day. Most is due to swallowed air. The rest is from fermentation of undigested food.
 The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime.
 The average person's total skin covering would weigh about 6 pounds if collected into one mass
 The average speed of Heinz ketchup leaving the bottle is 25 miles per year
 The avocado has the most calories of any fruit
 The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
 The base of the Great Pyramid of Egypt is large enough to cover 10 football fields.
 The bat is the only mammal that can fly
 The biggest pig in recorded history was Big Boy of Black Mountain, North Carolina, who was weighed at 1,904 pounds in 1939.
 The blood of mammals is red, the blood of insects is yellow, and the blood of lobsters is blue.
 The bloodhound is the only animal whose evidence is admissible in an American court
 The bloodhound is the only animal whose evidence is admissible in an American court.
 The blueprints for the Eiffel Tower covered more than 14,000 square feet of drafting paper
 The body's largest internal organ is the small intestine at an average length of 20 feet
 The bones of a pigeon weigh less than its feathers.
 The book of Solomon in the Bible was written long after he died
 The border between Canada and the U.S. is the world's longest frontier. It stretches 3,987 miles (6,416 km).
 The brain of Neanderthal man was larger than that of modern man
 The brother of Popeye's girlfriend Olive was named Castor Oyl
 The bubbles in Guiness Beer sink to the bottom rather than float to the top like all other beers No one knows why
 The bulls-eye on a dartboard must be 5 feet 8 inches off the ground
 The car in the foreground on the back of a $10 bill is a 1925 Hupmobile
 The car in the foreground on the back of a $10 bill is a 1925 Huptmobile
 The cashew nut is a member of the poison ivy family
 The caterpillar has more than 2,000 muscles
 The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds more than any other animal
 The ceremony to marry an Amish couple traditionally takes about 3 hours 30 minutes
 The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's 'Its A Wonderful Life.'
 The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's Its A Wonderful Life
 The characters of Homer, Marge, Lisa, and Maggie were given the same first names as Simpsons creator Matt Groening's real-life father, mother, and two sisters.
 The chief of police in Wingate, North Carolina, is required by law to execute any dog he finds running in heat if he can't find the owner in four days
 The chow is the only dog with a black tongue
 The color of a chile is no indication of its spiciness, but size usually is - the smaller the pepper, the hotter it is.
 The color purple was a sign of great rank in Ancient Rome
 The condom - made originally of linen - was invented in the early 1500's.
 The correct response to the Irish greeting, 'Top of the morning to you,' is 'and the rest of the day to yourself'
 The correct response to the Irish greeting, 'Top of the morning to you,' is 'and the rest of the day to yourself.'
 The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
 The dachshund is one of the oldest dog breeds in history (dating back to ancient Egypt.) The name comes from one of its earliest uses - hunting badgers. In German, Dachs means 'badger,' Hund is 'hound.'
 The daughter of confectioner Leo Hirschfield is commemorated in the name of the sweet he invented: Although his daughter's real name was Clara, she went by the nickname Tootsie, and in her honor, her doting father named his chewy chocolate logs Tootsie Rolls.
 The dial tone of a normal telephone is in the key of 'F'
 The difference between apple juice and apple cider is that the juice is pasteurized and the cider is not.
 The dimensions of a regulation football field are: 360 feet long and 160 feet wide.
 The distance between the pitcher's rubber and home plate in baseball is 60 feet, 6 inches.
 The dollar was established as the official currency of the US in 1785.
 The dome on Monticello, Thomas Jefferson's home, conceals a billiards room In Jefferson's day, billiards were illegal in Virginia
 The door to 10 Downing Street, home of Britian’s Prime Minister, only opens from the inside
 The doorbell was invented in 1831
 The dot on top of the letter 'i' is called a 'tittle' 'Tittle' is Latin for something very small
 The dumbest domesticated animal is the turkey
 The dunce cap of schoolhouse fame originates from a paper cone placed on the heads of accused witches during the Middle Ages When Joan of Arc was martyred, she was wearing one of them
 The durian fruit is a Asian delicacy Unfortunately, it smells like the flesh of rotting corpses
 The dye used to stamp the grade on meat is edible. It's made from grape skins.
 The earliest known legal text was written by Ur Nammu in 2100 BC
 The early Greeks experimented with the direction of their writing, going from right to left and left to right alternately, before adopting what is now the standard Western practice
 The electric chair was invented by Dr. Alphonse Rockwell and was first used on William Kemmler on August 6, 1890.
 The electric chair was invented by a dentist
 The electric shaver was patented on November 6, 1928
 The elephant, as a symbol of the US Republican Party, was originated by cartoonist Thomas Nast and first presented in 1874.
 The embryos of tiger sharks fight each other while in their mother's womb, the survivor being the baby shark that is born
 The estimated weight of the Great Pyramid of Egypt is 6,648,000 tons.
 The explative, 'Holy Toledo,' refers to Toledo, Spain, which became an outstanding Christian cultural center in 1085.
 The expression 'dog days' goes back to the Romans, who believed that in the hottest part of the summer, Sirius (the 'dog star' and the brightest star in the constellation) lent its own heat to the heat of the sun The Roman 'dog days' lasted from July 3 to August 11
 The expression 'tit for tat' comes from 'dit vor dat' which means 'this for that' in Dutch
 The extended right arm of the Statue of Liberty is 42 feet long.
 The eye in the end of a lariat is called a 'honda'
 The fastest -moving land snail, the common garden snail, has a speed of 0.0313 mph.
 The fastest bird is the Spine-tailed swift, clocked at speeds of up to 220 miles per hour.
 The fastest growing nail is on the middle finger
 The fastest of all fish in the sea is the swordfish, streaming forward at speeds near 68 miles per hour
 The feet account for one quarter of all the human bodies bones.
 The female angler-fish weights up to half a ton The male, however, is only a few millimeters long, and spends his whole life attached to her nose
 The female ants are ones that do all the work
 The fine for illegally parking in Tokyo is the equivalent of $1,400
 The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene
 The first American advertisement for tobacco was published in 1789. It showed a picture of an Indian smoking a long clay pipe.
 The first CD pressed in the US - for commercial release - was Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the USA'.
 The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's Born in the USA
 The first Corvette rolled off the Chevrolet assembly line in Flint, MI. in 1953. That early 'Vette sold for $3,250.
 The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
 The first Lifesaver flavor was peppermint
 The first US Marines wore high leather collars to protect their necks from sabres, hence the name 'leathernecks.'
 The first US consumer product sold in the Soviet Union was Pepsi-Cola.
 The first automobile race ever seen in the United States was held in Chicago in 1895 The track ran from Chicago to Evanston, Illinois The winner was J Frank Duryea, whose average speed was 7 miles per hour
 The first book of crosswords was introduced on April 10, 1924 for a steep $135 per book and each one came with a freshly sharpened pencil
 The first brand of Wrigley's chewing gum was called 'Vassar', after the New England woman's college. Next were 'Lotta' and 'Sweet Sixteen Orange.'
 The first car with air-conditioning was the Packard
 The first city in the world to have a population of more than one million was London
 The first city to reach a population of 1 million people was Rome, Italy in 133 B.C. London, England reached the mark in 1810 and New York, USA made it in 1875. Today, there are over 300 cities in the world that boast a population in excess of 1 million.
 The first coin minted in the United States was a silver dollar. It was issued on October 15, 1794.
 The first competition in the world's first Olympic games, 776 BC, was a foot race The participants were all males, and ran in the nude
 The first country to abolish capital punishment was Austria in 1787.
 The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television was Fred and Wilma Flintstone
 The first credit card, issued in 1950, was Diner's Club. Frank X. McNamara started the company with 200 card holders.
 The first crime mentioned in the first episode of 'Hill Street Blues' was armed robbery
 The first e-mail was sent over the Internet in 1972
 The first episode of 'Leave it to Beaver' aired on October 4, 1957
 The first film granted permission by the Chinese government to be filmed in the Forbidden City was The Last Emperor, 1987.
 The first flushing toilet seen on TV was on 'Leave it to Beaver'
The first house rats recorded in America appeared in Boston in 1775.
 The first issue of People Magazine, in 1974, cost 35 cents and featured actress Mia Farrow on the cover.
 The first letter Vanna White ever turned on Wheel of Fortune was the letter T
 The first losing candidate in a US presidential election was Thomas Jefferson. He lost to John Adams. George Washington had been unopposed.
 The first man to be convicted on finger print evidence was Harry Jackson in 1902
 The first man to die during construction of the Hoover Dam was the father of the last man to die during its construction
 The first message tapped by Samuel Morse over his invention the telegraph was: 'What hath God wrought*'
 The first modern Olympiad was held in Athens in 1896. 484 contestants from 13 nations participated.
 The first non-human to win an Oscar was Mickey Mouse
 The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer
 The first person to refer to a coward as a 'chicken' was William Shakespeare
 The first place in the western world to give women the right to vote was an island known as Man
 The first plastic ever invented was celluloid, it came about as an alternative for billiard balls made from Ivory
 The first product to have a UPC bar code on its packaging was Wrigley's gum.
 The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley's gum
 The first professional football team to sport an insignia on their helmets was the Los Angeles Rams in 1950, who hand painted yellow horns on their blue leather helmets.
 The first ring donuts were produced in 1847 by a 15 year old baker's apprentice, Hanson Gregory, who knocked the soggy center out of a fried doughnut.
 The first safety feature for an automobile was invented in 1908 by John O'Leary. He patented a large net, to be installed on the front fender, to scoop pedestrians out of the way before they could be run over.
 The first seeing-eye dog was presented to a blind person on April 25, 1938.
 The first star on the Walk of Fame in Hollywood was dedicated to Joanne Woodward on February 9, 1960
 The first suburban shopping mall was opened in 1922 by National Department Stores in Saint Louis.
 The first time movie audiences were treated to a flushing toilet was in Alfred Hitchcock's 1959 release Psycho
 The first toothbrush with bristles was developed in China in 1498. Bristles were taken from hogs at first, later from horses. The nylon bristles were developed in 1938 by DuPont.
 The first traffic light was installed in England in 1868 in front of the Houses of Parliament
 The first translation of the English Bible was initiated by John Wycliffe and completed by John Purvey in 1388.
 The first typewriter was built by William Burt in 1829 and was intended to be used for the blind
 The first victim of the electric chair took eight minutes to die
 The first winner of the Academy Award for Best Picture--the only silent film to achieve that honor--was the 1927 film, Wings
 The first word played in the Scrabble rules demonstration game is 'horn'
 The first word spoken by an ape in the movie 'Planet of the Apes' was 'smile'
 The first word spoken on the moon was 'okay'
 The first words spoken by Thomas Edison over the phonograph were: 'Mary had a little lamb'
 The first words spoken by over Alexander Bell over the telephone were: 'Watson, please come here I want you'
 The first xerographic copy (prelude to photocopy) was '102238 Astoria'
 The first zoo in the USA was in Philadelphia
 The first-known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 BC.
 The five favorite US school lunches nationwide, according to the American School Food Service Association, are, in order, pizza, chicken nuggets, tacos, burritos and hamburgers
 The flea can jump 350 times its body length That's the equivalent of a human jumping the length of a football field
 The foot is the most common body part bitten by insects
 The force of 1 billion people jumping at the same time is equal to 500 tons of TNT
 The formula for cold cream has hardly changed at all in the 1,700 years since it was originally made by the Roman physician Galen
 The fortune cookie was invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodlemaker
 The four principal characters from the cartoon series 'The Chipmunks' are Alvin, Simon, Theodore, and Dave.
 The fragrance of flowers is due to the essences of oil which they produce.
 The fungus called truffles can cost $800 to $1,500 per pound. They are sniffed out by female pigs, which detect a compound that is in the saliva of male pigs as well. The same chemical is found in the sweat of human males.
 The game of tennis originated in the French monasteries of the 11th century
 The game of volleyball was invented in 1895 by William G. Morgan.
 The giant crab of Japan can be as large as 12 feet across
 The giant squid is the largest creature without a backbone. It weighs up to 2.5 tons and grows up to 55 feet long. Each eye is a foot or more in diameter.
 The giraffe has the highest blood pressure of any animal
 The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
 The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
 The gorilla's scientific name is 'Gorilla gorilla gorilla'
 The great European cathedrals were so solidly built that there is sometimes as much stone below ground as there is above it
 The great Gothic cathedral of Milan was started in 1386, and wasn't completed until 1805.
 The greater dwarf lemur in Madagascar always gives birth to triplets
 The greatest snowfall ever in a single storm was 189 inches at the Mount Shasta Ski Bowl in February, 1959.
 The green stuff on the occasional freak potato chip is chlorophyll
 The greyhound can reach speeds of up to 417 miles per hour
 The hair of an adult can stretch 25 percent of its length without breaking If it is less elastic, it is not healthy
 The hamburger was invented in 1900 by Louis Lassen. He ground beef, broiled it, and served it between two pieces of toast.
 The hardest bone in the human body is the jawbone
 The heel of a sock is called the 'gore'
 The high jump method of jumping head first and landing on the back is called the Fosbury Flop.
 The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
 The highest point of the earth, with an elevation of 29,141 feet, is the top of Mt. Everest in Tibet.
 The highest scoring word in the English language game of Scrabble is 'Quartzy'
 The highest temperature ever recorded in the continental US was 134 degrees on July 10, 1913 in Death Valley, California.
 The highest temperature ever recorded in the world was 136.4 degrees Fahrenheit at El Azizia, Lybia, on September 13, 1922.
 The highest waterfall in the world, Angel Falls in Venezuela, has a total drop of 3,121 feet.
 The honeybee kills more people world-wide than all the poisonous snakes combined.
 The hottest chile in the world is the habanero.
 The housefly hums in the middle octave, key of F
 The human body has enough fat to produce 7 bars of soap.
 The human body has over 600 muscles, 40% of the body's weight.
 The human body is better suited to two four-hour sleep cycles than one eight-hour one
 The human body weighs 40 times more than the brain
 The human brain is about 85% water.
 The human stomach can only hold about five pints
 The human tongue tastes bitter things with the taste buds toward the back Salty and pungent flavors are tasted in the middle of the tongue, sweet flavors at the tip
 The hummingbird is the only bird that can fly backwards.
 The hummingbird, the loon, the swift, the kingfisher, and the grebe are all birds that cannot walk.
 The hundred billionth Crayola crayon was Perriwinkle Blue
 The ice cream soda was invented in 1874 by Robert Green. He was serving a mixture of syrup, sweet cream and carbonated water at a celebration in Philadelphia. He ran out of cream and substituted ice cream.
 The idiom 'pillar of salt' means to have a stroke, or to become paralyzed and dead.
 The image of the king used in most standard decks of playing cards is said to have been based on Charles I, the English monarch who was beheaded in 1649
 The infinity symbol is called a lemniscate
 The inhabitants of Papa New Guinea speak about 700 languages, about 15% of the world's total
 The initials on 'BVD' brand underwear stand for the firm owners' names--Bradley, Voorhees and Day
 The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
 The inventor of the flushing toilet was Thomas Crapper
 The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs
 The king of Siam, who died in 1910, fathered 370 children
 The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
 The kiss that is given by the bride to the groom at the end of the wedding ceremony originates from the earliest times when the couple would actually make love for the first time under the eyes of half the village!
 The language of Taki, spoken in parts of French Guinea, consists of only 340 words
 The largest US city in area is Juneau, Alaska, which covers 3,108 square miles. Los Angeles covers only 458.2 square miles.
 The largest animal ever seen alive was a 113.5 foot, 170-ton female blue whale.
 The largest baseball card collection, 200,000 cards, is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
 The largest bird egg in the world today is that of the ostrich. Ostrich eggs are from 6 to 8 inches long. Because of their size and the thickness of their shells, they take 40 minutes to hard-boil.
 The largest body of fresh water in the world is Lake Superior.
 The largest cabbage weighed 144 pounds
 The largest cell in the human body is the female ovum, or egg cell. It is about 1/180 inch in diameter. The smallest cell in the human body is the male sperm. It takes about 175,000 sperm cells to weigh as much as a single egg cell.
 The largest cell in the human body is the female reproductive cell, the ovum. The smallest is the male sperm.
 The largest cockroach on record is one measured at 3.81 inches in length.
 The largest crabs in the world, weighing more than 28 lbs, are found off the coast of Japan
 The largest eggs in the world are laid by a shark
 The largest human organ is the skin, with a surface area of about 25 square feet.
 The largest item on any menu in the world is probably the roast camel, sometimes served at Bedouin wedding feasts. The camel is stuffed with a sheep's carcass, which is stuffed with chickens, which are stuffed with fish, which are stuffed with eggs.
 The largest known kidney stone weighed 136 kilograms
 The largest movie theater in the world, Radio City Music Hall in New York City, opened in December, 1932. It originally had 5,945 seats
 The largest pumpkin weighed 377 pounds
 The largest single flower is the Rafflesia or 'corpse flower'. They are generally 3 feet in diameter with the record being 42 inches.
 The largest stained-glass window in the world is at Kennedy International Airport in New York City It can be seen on the American Airlines terminal building and measures 300 feet long by 23 feet high
 The largest stained-glass window in the world is at Kennedy International Airport in New York City. It can be seen on the American Airlines terminal building and measures 300 feet long by 23 feet high
 The last London smog occurred in 1962
 The last animal in the dictionary is the zyzzyva, a tropical American weevil
 The last thing to happen is the ultimate. The next-to-last is the penultimate, and the second-to-last is the antepenultimate.
 The last time American Green cards were actually green was 1964
 The left leg of a chicken in more tender than the right one
 The left lung is smaller than the right lung to make room for the heart.
 The letter 'b' took its present form from a symbol used in Egyptian hieroglyphics to represent a house
 The letter 'n' ends all Japanese words not ending in a vowel
 The letter 'o' is the oldest letter It has not changed in shape since its adoption in the Phoenician alphabet, circa 1,300 BC
 The letter 'w' is the only letter in the alphabet that doesn't have one syllable, it has three
 The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
 The letters 'J', 'U', and 'W' were not used by the Romans
 The life span of a taste bud is 10 days
 The linen bandages that were used to wrap Egyptian mummies averaged 1,000 yards in length.
 The little lump of flesh just forward of your ear canal, right next to your temple, is called a tragus.
 The longest English word consisting entirely of consonants (and not including'y' as a vowel) is the word 'crwth' which is from the fourteenth century and means crowd
 The longest Oscar acceptance speech ever was made by Greer Garson for 1924's Mrs Miniver It took an hour
 The longest Oscar acceptance speech was made by Greer Garson for 1924's 'Mrs. Miniver.' It took an hour.
 The longest alphabet is Cambodian It has 74 letters compared with the 26 in English
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
 The longest reigning monarch in history was Pepi II, who ruled Egypt for 90 years; 2566 to 2476 BC. The second longest was France's Louis XIV, who ruled for 72 years, 1643 to 1715.
 The longest time a person has been in a coma is 37 years
 The longest word in the Old Testament is 'Malhershalahashbaz'
 The lowest temperature ever recorded in the world was 129 degrees below 0 at Vostok, Antarctica, on July 21, 1983.
 The lyricist of the song Keep the Home Fires Burning, Lena Gilbert Ford, burned to death in her home
 The lyrics for 'Star Spangled Banner' were written by Francis Scott Key, but the tune was actually that of a popular drinking song called 'Anacrean in Heaven' Anacrean was a Greek poet who was revered as a bard of wine, love, song and revelry Key's ditty didn't become the official national anthem of the United States until 117 years after he wrote the words for it
 The magician's words 'hocus-pocus' are taken from the name of a mythological sorcerer, Ochus Bochus, who appears in Norse folktales and legends
 The main library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
 The major export of Lichtenstien is false teeth
 The male penguin incubates the single egg laid by his mate. During the two month period he does not eat, and will lose up to 40% of his body weight.
 The medical term for earwax is cerumen
 The medical term for the condition known as writers' cramp is 'chirospasm'
 The metal instrument used in shoe stores to measure feet is called the Brannock device.
 The metal part at the end of a pencil is 20 percent sulfur
 The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket
 The monastic hours are matins, lauds, prime, tierce, sext, nones, vespers and compline.
 The mongoose was barred live entry into the US in 1902
 The moon is one million times drier than the Gobi Desert
 The moon weighs 81 billion billion tons
 The most abundant metal in the Earth's crust is aluminum.
 The most common blood type in the world is Type O. The rarest, Type A-H, has been found in less than a dozen people since the type was discovered.
 The most common disease in the world is tooth decay
 The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
 The most common name in the world is Muhammed
 The most common plastic surgery performed on American men is breast reduction
 The most common speed limit sign in the United States is 25 mph
 The most common street name in the US is Second Street
 The most common time for a wake up call is 7 am
 The most commonly used word in English conversation is 'I'
 The most fatal car accidents occur on Saturday
 The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
 The most popular pizza topping in South Korea is tuna
 The most sensitive finger on the human hand is the index finger
 The most snow accumulation in a one-day period was 75.8 inches at Silver Lake, Colorado, in April 1921.
 The motto of the American people, 'In God We Trust,' was not adopted as the national slogan until 1956
 The mouse is the most common mammal in the US.
 The mouth produces a quart of saliva a day
 The nail on the thumb grows the slowest
 The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army of the 'General Purpose' vehicle, GP
 The name Jeep came from the military abbreviation GP, which is short for the army's General Purpose Vehicle
 The name Wendy was made up for the book 'Peter Pan'
 The name of the Internet's most popular directory, is an acronym According to the company, the name 'Yahoo' stands for 'Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle'
 The name of the dog on Cracker Jack boxes is 'Bingo'
 The name of the first airplane flown at Kitty Hawk by the Wright Brothers, on December 17, 1903, was Bird of Prey.
 The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude
 The normal temperature of a cat is 101.5 degrees.
 The number of possible ways of playing just the first four moves on each side in a chess game is 318,979,564,000
 The number of triplets born in the US in 1994 (4,594) was more than triple the number born in 1971 (1,034), an increase attributed to older age of the mothers and the use of fertility-enhancing drugs and techniques.
 The nutritional value of squash and pumpkin seeds improves with age. These seeds are among the few foods that increase in nutritional value as they decompose
 The occupations of the three men in a tub were butcher, baker, and candlestick maker.
 The official name of the St. Louis Gateway Arch is 'The Jefferson National Expansion Monument.' The Gateway Arch looks taller than it is wider, but it is exactly 630 feet by 630 feet.
 The official state song of Georgia since 1922 has been 'Georgia on My Mind'.
 The oiuja board was invented by Isaac and William Fuld, and was patented July 1, 1892.
 The oldest commercially marketed carbonated drink was Moxie, which became available in apothecaries as a medical tonic in 1876
 The oldest known vegetable is the pea
 The oldest living thing in existence is not a giant redwood, but a bristlecone pine in the White Mountains of California, dated to be aged 4,600 years old.
 The oldest person to sign the Constitution was Benjamin Franklin (81) The youngest was Jonathan Dayton of New Jersey (26)
 The oldest word in the English language is 'town'
 The onion is actually a lily
 The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is 'uncopyrightable'
 The only English word that contains a triple letter is 'goddessship'
 The only President to remain a bachelor was James Buchanan
 The only President to win a Pulitzer Prize: John Kennedy for 'Profiles in Courage'
 The only bone in the human body not connected to another is the hyoid, a V-shaped bone located at the base of the tongue between the mandible and the voice box. Its function is to support the tongue and its muscles.
 The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica.
 The only creatures that have hymens are humans and horses
 The only dog that doesn't have a pink tongue is the chow
 The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat
 The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
 The only father and son to hit back-to-back home runs in a major league baseball game: Ken Griffey, Jr., and his father, Ken Griffey, Sr., both of the Seattle Mariners in a game against the California Angels on September 14th, 1990.
 The only one of his sculptures that Michelangelo signed was the 'The Pieta,' completed in 1500.
 The only real person to be a immortalized as a Pez dispenser was Betsy Ross
 The only repealed amendment to the US Constitution deals with the prohibition of alcohol.
 The only rock that floats in water is pumice.
 The only tree from which we eat the flower is the fig
 The original name for the butterfly was 'flutterby'
 The original name of Los Angeles was El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles del rio Porciuncula, translating into:The Village of our Lady the Queen of the Angels of the Porciuncula River.
 The original story from Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights begins, 'Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.'
 The ostrich has a 46-foot long small intestine
 The painting, 'American Gothic' depicts the sister and the dentist of artist Grant Wood as rural farm folk.
 The parachute was invented by Leonardo da Vinci
 The parking meter was invented by CC Magee in 1935
 The parking meter was invented in North Dakota
 The peace symbol was created in 1958 as a nuclear disarmament symbol by the Direct Action Committee, and was first shown that year at peace marches in England. The symbol is a composite of the semaphore signals N and D, representing nuclear disarmament.
 The penalty for killing a cat, 4,000 years ago in Egypt, was death.
 The percent of men who wash their hands after using a restroom is 55%
 The percent of women who wash their hands after leaving a restroom is 80%
 The permanent teeth that erupt to replace their primary predecessors (baby teeth) are called succedaneous teeth.
 The pet ferret was domesticated more than 500 years before the house cat
 The phone book in Iceland is alphabetic--by first name
 The phrase 'a red letter day' dates back to 1704, when holy days were marked in red letters in church calendars
The phrase 'under God' was added to the 'Pledge of Allegiance' on June 14, 1954
 The phrase “under God” was added to the Pledge of Allegiance on June 14, 1954
 The pigmy shrew - a relative of the mole - is the smallest mammal in North America. It weighs 1/14 ounce - less than a dime.
 The plant life in the oceans make up about 85 percent of all the greenery on the Earth.
 The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets
 The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
 The poison-arrow frog has enough poison to kill about 2,200 people.
 The poisonous copperhead snake smells like fresh cut cucumbers.
 The popular card game bridge was invented in Turkey
 The popular name for the giant sequoia tree is Redwood.
 The pound cake got its name from the pound of butter it contained.
 The pound sign # is called anoctothorpe
 The praying mantis is the only animal on Earth with only one ear
 The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
 The pretzel is named from the Latin word 'brachiatus' meaning 'having branch-like arms'
 The principality of Monaco consists of 370 acres
 The raccoon derives its name from the Indian word meaning 'he who scratches with his hands'
 The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yore when the engines were pulled by horses The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
 The red bumps on a turkey's head are called caruncles
 The revolving door was invented August 7, 1888, by Theophilus Van Kannel, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 The ridges on the sides of coins are called reeding or milling.
 The right side of a boat was called the starboard side due to the fact that the astronavigators used to stand out on the plank (which was on the right side) to get an unobstructed view of the stars. The left side was called the port side because that was the side that you put in on at the port.
 The river Danube empties into the Black Sea.
 The rock music video channel MTV made its debut in 1981.
 The rose family of plants, in addition to flowers, gives us apples, pears, plums, cherries, almonds, peaches and apricots.
 The safety pin was patented in 1849 by Walter Hunt. He sold the patent rights for $400.
 The saguaro cactus does not grow its first arm until it's at least 75 years old
 The sandwich is named for the Fourth Earl of Sandwich (1718-92), for whom sandwiches were made so that he could stay at the gambling table without interruptions for meals.
 The science-fiction series 'Lost in Space' (set in the year 1997) premiered on CBS in 1965.
 The scorpion fish can merge the shape of its head with the surrounding rocks
 The seven archangels are Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Uriel, Chamuel, Jophiel, and Zadkiel.
 The seven hills of Rome are the Palatine (on which the original city was built), the Capitoline, Quirinal, Viminal, Esquiline, Caelian, and Aventine.
 The seven virtues are prudence, courage, temperance, justice, faith, hope and charity.
 The sewing machine was patented on August 12, 1851, by Isaac Singer of Pittstown, New York.
 The shell constitutes 12 percent of an egg's weight
 The ship, the Queen Elizabeth 2, should always be written as QE2 QEII is the actual queen
 The shoestring was invented in England in 1790 Prior to this time all shoes were fastened with buckles
 The shortest English word that contains the letters A, B, C, D, E, and F is 'feedback'
 The shortest commercial ever was only 4 frames of a second
 The shortest verse in the Bible consists of two words: 'Jesus wept' (John 11:35)
 The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar an England in 1896 Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes
 The shortest war on record was fought between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
 The shortest war, between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896, lasted just 38 minutes.
 The side of a hammer is a cheek.
 The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish
 The size of your foot is approximately the size of your forearm
 The smallest number spelled with an 'a' is one thousand
 The smartest dogs are the Jack Russell Terrier and Scottish Border collie Dumbest: Afgan hound
 The soldiers of World War I were the first people to use the modern flushing toilet. The inventor: Thomas Crapper.
 The song 'Happy Birthday to You' was originally written by sisters Mildred and Patty Hill as 'Good Morning to You.' The words were changed and it was published in 1935.
 The song 'When Irish Eyes Are Smiling' was written by George Graff, who was German, and was never in Ireland in his life.
 The sooty tern is on the wing for as long as three years before it returns to its nesting ground
 The sound of a snore (up to 69 decibels) can be almost as loud as the noise of a pneumatic drill.
 The specific gravity of your skin and that of Silly Putty is close enough that doctors have actually used Silly Putty to align and test CAT scan machines
 The sperm of a mouse is longer than the sperm of an elephant
 The stall closest to the door in a bathroom is the cleanest, because it is the least used
 The state of California raises the most turkeys out of all of the states
 The states of Washington and Montana still execute prisoners by hanging.
 The stick insects of Indonesia are the biggest insects in the world, sometimes reaching a foot in length
 The story of Noah's Ark was written earlier than the biblical version--in the Sumerian 'Epic of Gilgamesh' The 'Noah' of this epic is Utnapishtim, who is supernaturally warned to build a boat in which to survive the deluge Similarity extends even to the sending out of birds to see if dry land has appeared
 The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue
 The study of insects is called entomology.
 The study of word origins is called etymology.
 The subject of the first printed book in England was chess
 The supersonic Concorde jet made its first trial flight on January 1, 1969.
 The symbol on the 'pound' key (#) is called an octothorpe.
 The tallest monument built in the US, the Gateway Arch, in St. Louis, Missouri, is 630 feet tall.
 The telephone's US patent number is 174 465
 The thing that casts a shadow on a sundial is called a gnomon
 The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
 The three primary colors are red, yellow and blue. The three secondary colors are green, orange and purple.
 The three words in the English language with the letters 'uu' are: vacuum, residuum and continuum
 The tips of fingers and the soles of feet are covered by a thick, tough layer of skin called the stratum corneum.
 The title role of Dirty Harry, 1971, was originally intended for Frank Sinatra. After he refused, it was offered to John Wayne, and then Paul Newman, finally being accepted by Clint Eastwood.
 The top three cork-producing countries in the world are Spain, Portugal and Algeria
 The total number of Americans killed in the Civil War is greater than the combined total of Americans killed in all other wars.
 The turbot fish lays approximately 14 million eggs during its lifetime.
 The turkey was named for what was wrongly thought to be its country of origin.
 The two lines that connect your top lip to the bottom of your nose are known as the philtrum.
 The two robbers crucified next to Jesus were named Dismas and Gestas.
 The typical American consumes 27 pounds of cheese each year
 The typical American eats 263 eggs a year
 The typical hen lays 19 dozen eggs a year
 The typical pencil can draw a line 35 miles long
 The typical person goes to the bathroom 6 times a day
 The underside of a horse's hoof is called a frog. The frog peels off several times a year with new growth.
 The venom of a female black widow spider is more potent than that of a rattlesnake.
 The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo
 The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
 The vintage date on a bottle of wine indicates the year the grapes were picked, not the year of bottling.
 The vocabulary of the average person consists of 5,000 to 6,000 words.
 The water in the Great Salt Lake of Utah is more than four times as salty as any ocean.
 The water we drink is three billion years old
 The wettest spot in the world is located on the island of Kauai. Mt. Waialeale consistently records rainfall at the rate of nearly 500 inches per year.
 The white part of an egg is the albumen.
 The white part of your fingernail is called the lunula.
 The white potato originated in the Andes mountains and was probably brought to Britain by Sir Francis Drake about 1586.
 The windiest place on earth is Mt Washington, in New Hampshire
 The wingspan of a Boeing 747 jet is longer than the Wright Brothers' first flight
 The word 'Checkmate' in chess comes from the Persian phrase 'shah mat,' which means 'the king is dead'
 The word 'Hallelujah' is common to all languages It is never translated
 The word 'Nazi' is actually an abbreviation The party's full name was the Nazionalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartel
 The word 'assassination' was invented by Shakespeare.
 The word 'bookkeeper' is the only word in the English language with three back-to-back double letter combinations
 The word 'buxom' at one time meant 'obedient'
 The word 'byte' is a contraction of 'by eight'
 The word 'coach' is derived from the village of Kocs, Hungary, where coaches were invented and first used.
 The word 'dreamt' is the only word in the English language that ends in 'mt'
 The word 'dude' was coined by Oscar Wilde and his friends It is a combination of the words 'duds' and 'attitude'
 The word 'gazelle' comes from the Arabian term for 'affectionate,' and is believed to be inspired by the creature's large, gentle eyes
 The word 'girl' appears only once in the Bible
 The word 'honcho' comes from a Japanese word meaning 'squad leader' and first came into usage in the English language during the American occupation of Japan following World War II.
 The word 'karate' means 'empty hand.'
 The word 'lethologica' describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want
 The word 'news' did not come about because it was the plural of 'new.' It came from the first letters of the words North, East, West and South. This was because information was being gathered from all different directions.
 The word 'piano' is really an abbreviation for the word 'pianoforte'
 The word 'puppy' comes from the French poupee, meaning 'doll'
 The word 'queue' is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed
 The word 'samba' means 'to rub navels together'
 The word 'samba' means 'to rub navels together.'
 The word 'set' has the highest number of separate definitions in the English Language (192 definitions according to the Oxford English Dictionary.)
 The word 'terrier' comes from the Latin root 'terra', earth The Kerry Blue is from County Kerry, Ireland
 The word 'toast,' meaning a proposal of health, originated in Rome, where an actual bit of spiced, burned bread was dropped into wine to improve the drink's flavor, absorb its sediment, and thus make it more healthful
 The word Diastima is the word for having a gap between your teeth
 The word for 'dog' in the Australian aboriginal language Mbabaran happens to be 'dog'
 The word gargoyle comes down from the Old French: gargouille, meaning throat or gullet. This is also the origin of the word gargle. The word describes the sound produced as water passes the throat and mixes with air. In early architecture, gargoyles were decorative creatures on the drains of cathedrals.
 The word quisling comes from the name of Major Vidkun Quisling, a Norwegian who collaborated with the Germans during their occupation of Norway. The word now means 'traitor.'
 The words 'volt' and 'voltage' are named for a member of the Italian nobility in the 1700s named Count Voltman
 The words CHOICE COD read the same when held in front of a mirror upside-down
 The world 'and' appears 46,277 times in the Bible
 The world record frog jump is 33 feet 5.5 inches over the course of 3 consecutive leaps, achieved in May 1977 by a South African sharp-nosed frog called Santjie.
 The world' termites outweight the world's humans 10 to 1
 The world's 1st roller coaster opened in 1884 at Coney Island, New York. It was designed by Lemarcus Thompson, a former Sunday school teacher.
 The world's chickens lay around 400,000,000,000 eggs each year
 The world's costliest coffee, at $130 a pound , is called Kopi Luwak. It is in the droppings of a type of marsupial that eats only the very best coffee beans. Plantation workers track them and scoop their precious poop.
 The world's deadliest mushroom is the Amanita phalloides, the death cap. The five different poisons contained by the mushroom cause diarrhea and vomiting within 6 to 12 hours of ingestion. This is followed by damage to the liver, kidneys, and central nervous system - and, in the majority of cases, coma and death.
 The world's first adhesive postage stamp went on sale in England in 1840.
 The world's first chocolate candy was produced in 1828 by Dutch chocolate-maker Conrad J. Van Houten. He pressed the fat from roasted cacao beans to produce cocoa butter, to which he added cocoa powder and sugar.
 The world's first parking meters were installed in Oklahoma in 1935
 The world's first speed limit regulation was in England in 1903. It was 20 mph.
 The world's largest alphabet is Cambodian, with 74 letters.
 The world's largest art gallery is the Winter Palace and Hermitage in St. Petersburg, Russia. Visitors would have to walk 15 miles to see the 322 galleries which house nearly 3 million works of art.
 The world's largest mammal, the blue whale, weighs 50 tons at birth. Fully grown, it weighs as much as 150 tons.
 The world's largest rodent is the Capybara. An Amazon water hog that looks like a guinea pig, it can weigh more than 100 pounds.
 The world's longest railway is in Peru. The Central Railway climbs to 15,694 feet in the Galera tunnel, 108 miles from Lima. Tourists take it to get to the ruins of Machu Picchu.
 The world's longest suspension bridge opened to traffic on April 5, 1998. The 3,911-meter (12,831-feet) Akashi Kaikyo Bridge is 580 meters (1,900 feet) longer than the Humber Bridge in England, the previous record holder.
 The world's most popular car color is red
 The world's most widely spoken language is the Mandarin dialect of Chinese, with 500 million speakers.
 The world's record for continuous pogo stick jumping is 41 hours
 The world's smallest independent state is the Vatican City, with a population of about 1,000 - and a zero birthrate.
 The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand, weighing less than a penny.
 The world's tallest grass, which has sometimes grown 130 feet or more, is bamboo.
 The world's tallest mountains, the Himalayas, are also the fastest growing. Their growth - about half an inch a year - is caused by the pressure exerted by two of Earth's continental plates (the Eurasian plate and the Indo-Australian plate) pushing against one another.
 The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910
 The worldwide 'Spanish Flu' epidemic which broke out in 1918 killed more than 30 million people in less than a year's time.
 The wristwatch was invented in 1904 by Louis Cartier.
 The yo-yo was introduced in 1929 by Donald F. Duncan. The toy was based on a weapon used by 16th-century Filipino hunters.
 The youngest Pope was 11 years old
 Theodore Roosevelt was the only U.S. president to deliver an inaugural address without using the word 'I'. Abraham Lincoln, Franklin D. Roosevelt and Dwight D. Eisenhower tied for second place, using 'I' only once in their inaugural addresses.
 There are 1,792 steps to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
 There are 1,929,770,126,028,800 different color combinations possible on a Rubik's Cube.
 There are 100 tiles in a 'Scrabble' crossword game.
 There are 11 points on the collar around Kermit the Frog's neck.
 There are 1189 chapters in the Bible: 929 chapters in the Old Testament and 260 chapters in the New Testament.
 There are 12,000 nails in the average three-bedroom family home
 There are 132 rooms in the US White House.
 There are 167 women in prison in Norway, and 2,500 men
 There are 17 steps leading up to Sherlock Holmes’ apartment
 There are 2,598,960 five-card hands possible in a 52-card deck of cards.
 There are 22 stars in the Paramount logo
 There are 293 different ways to make change for a dollar
 There are 31,557,600 seconds in a year.
 There are 333 toilet paper squares on a toilet paper roll
 There are 336 dimples in a regulation golf ball
 There are 35 million digestive glands in the stomach
 There are 403 steps from the foundation to the top of the torch in the Statue of Liberty.
 There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.
 There are 49 different foods mentioned in the Bible.
 There are 6,500 windows in the Empire State Building
 There are about 100,000 hairs on the human head
 There are about 30 milligrams of caffeine in the average chocolate bar, while a cup of coffee contains around 100 to 150 milligrams.
 There are about 40 different muscles in a birds wing
 There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun
 There are approx 550 hairs in the eyebrow
 There are around 2,600 different species of frogs. They live on every continent except Antarctica.
 There are four cars and eleven lightposts on the back of a $10 bill
 There are more Samoans in Los Angeles than on American Samoa
 There are more germs in the human mouth than in the anus
 There are more insects in one square mile of rural land than there are human beings on the entire earth.
 There are more insects in ten square feet of a rain forest than there are people in Manhattan
 There are more people alive today than have ever died
 There are more statues of Sacajewa, Lewis & Clark's female Indian guide, in the United States than any other person.
 There are more television sets in the United States than there are people in Japan
 There are more than 40,000 characters in Chinese script
 There are more than 700 species of plants that grow in the United States that have been identified as dangerous if eaten. Among them are some that are commonly favored by gardeners: buttercups, daffodils, lily of the valley, sweet peas, oleander, azalea, bleeding heart, delphinium, and rhododendron.
 There are more than 900,000 known species of insects in the world.
 There are nine rooms on a 'Clue' game board. A forfeited baseball game is recorded as a 9-0 score.
 There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos
 There are no photos in existence of Abe Lincoln smiling
 There are no rivers in Saudi Arabia
 There are one million stray dogs in the New York City metropolitan area
 There are seven points on the Statue of Liberty's crown
 There are six million trees in the Forrest of Martyrs near Jerusalem, symbolizing the Jewish death toll in World War II
 There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
 There are, on average, 42 typos in a daily paper
 There have been about 30 films made at or about Alcatraz, the now-closed federal prison island in San Francisco Bay, including The Rock (1996), Birdman of Alcatraz (1962), and Escape from Alcatraz (1979).
 There is a company in Taiwan that makes dinnerware out of wheat--so you can eat your plate
 There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo
 There is a town in Sweden called 'A' and a town in France called 'Y'
 There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world
 There is enough fuel in the tank of a jumbo jet to drive an average car around the world four times
 There is more pigment in brown eyes than there is in blue eyes
 There is no known way for a submarine to communicate with land via radio when underwater
 There is no record that Jesus either laughed or smiled
 There is no synonym for 'thesaurus'
 There is only one animal that can completely turn its stomach inside out The starfish
 There was once a town in West Virginia called '6'
 There were no squirrels on Nantucket Island, Massachusetts until 1989
 There's a law in Chicago that prohibits folks from feeding whiskey to canines
 There's a law in International Falls, Minnesota, which states it's illegal for cats to chase dogs up telephone poles in that city
 There’s only one inanimate sign of the Zodiac: Libra
 They can't be sure why, but it is best to put a dog up on a table to groom it It's not just for the groomer's comfort Something about the altitude simmers a pup down
 This sounds feasible, but isn't true! Crapper actually invented the automatic shut-off mechanism used in the modern toilet.
 Thomas Edison had a collection of 5,000 birds
 Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
 Thomas Jefferson did not sign the Constitution He was in France during the convention, where he served as the US minister
 Thomas Jefferson was the first president to shake hands as a greeting—before that, they bowed
 Though Switzerland is a neutral country, it has compulsory military service
 Three-hundred-million cells die in the human body every minute.
 Thrity-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
 Tibetans, Mongolians, and people in parts of western China put salt in their tea instead of sugar
 Time magazine's 'Man of the Year' for 1938 was Adolf Hitler.
 To determine the percentage of alcohol in a bottle of liquor divide the proof by two.
 To preserve their elaborate coiffures, geishas in ancient Japan slept with their heads in bags filled with buckwheat chaff
 Today’s average household in the USA contains more computer power than existed in the world before 1965
 Toilet paper was invented in 1857
 Toto was paid $125 a week during the filming of the Wizard of Oz
 Toward the end of the fifteenth century, men's shoes had a square tip, like a duck's beak, a fashion launched by Charles VIII of France to hide the imperfection of one of his feet, which had six toes
 Townsend Speakman of Philadelphia mixed fruit flavor with soda water in 1807, creating the first flavored soda pop, he called it Nephite Julep.
 Turkey has a ban on kissing in films
 Turtles don't have any teeth
 Twelve or more cows is called a flink
 Twenty percent of all road accidents in Sweden involve a moose
 Two in every three car buyers pays the sticker price without arguing.
 Two mouths full of cowbane, a member of the carrot family, is enough to kill you
 US Presidents buried in Washington, D.C.: William H. Taft, Woodrow Wilson, and John F. Kennedy.
 US Presidents who died on July 4th: John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died in 1826, James Monroe died in 1831.
 US Presidents who never attended college: Grover Cleveland, Abraham Lincoln, Harry S Truman, and George Washington.
 US Presidents who never had children: George Washington, known as the 'Father of the Country,' James Madison, Andrew Jackson, James Polk, James Buchanan, and Warren Harding.
 US Presidents who never held any other elective office: U. S. Grant, William H. Taft, Herbert Hoover, Dwight D. Eisenhower.
 US Presidents who owned slaves : George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, Andrew Jackson, John Tyler, James K. Polk, Zachary Taylor, Andrew Johnson, and Ulysses S. Grant.
 US Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina set a filibuster record in the U.S. Senate on August 19, 1957. He spoke for 24 hours and 18 minutes.
 US presidents who have been assassinated: Abraham Lincoln in 1865, James A. Garfield in 1881, William H. McKinley in 1901, and John F. Kennedy in 1963.
 US presidents who served an entire term without a vice president: John Tyler, Millard Fillmore, Andrew Johnson, and Chester Arthur.
 US presidents who were survived by their fathers: John F. Kennedy and Warren Harding.
 Until 1965, driving was done on the left-hand side on roads in Sweden. The conversion to right-hand was done on a weekday at 5 p.m. All traffic stopped as people switched sides. This time and day were chosen to prevent accidents where drivers would have gotten up in the morning and been too sleepy to realize 'this' was the day of the changeover.
 Until 1967 it wasn't illegal for Olympic athletes to use drugs to enhance their performance during competition.
 Until the 1870s, baseball was played without the use of gloves.
 Until the 1950s, Tibetans disposed of their dead by taking the body up a hill, hacking it into little pieces, and feeding the remains to the birds
 Until the time of Michelangelo, many sculptors colored their statues, and most from ancient Greece and Rome at one time had been painted or 'polychromed.' Over the course of years, rain washed the colors off the marble.
 VHS stands for Video Home System.
 Van Camp's Pork and Beans were a staple food for Union soldiers in the Civil War.
 Vanilla is the extract of fermented and dried pods of several species of orchids.
 Vermont, admitted as the 14th state in 1791, was the 1st addition to the original 13 colonies.
 Virginia Woolf wrote all her books while standing
 Volleyball is the most popular sport played in American nudist camps
 Walt Disney's first cartoon character was called Oswald the Rabbit.
 Walter Huston and his son John become the first father-and-son team to win Oscars as director of and an actor in'Treasure of Sierra Madre' in 1949.
 Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, and Teddy Roosevelt are the four US presidents whose faces are carved on Mt. Rushmore.
 We tie shoes to the cars of newlyweds because shoes are related to feet, and feet have long been considered phallic symbols Tying shoes to the car serves the same purpose as throwing rice, it's a wish for the couple's fertility
 Weevils are more resistant to poisons in the morning than at night
 Whales die if their echo system fails
 Whales stampede
 What is called a 'French kiss' in England and America is known as an 'English kiss' in France
 What kind of wood is used to make Scrabble letters* Vermont Maple
 Wheat is the world's most widely cultivated plant; grown on every continent except Antarctica.
 When Bugs Bunny first appeared in 1935, he was called Happy Rabbit.
 When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year
 When Henry Aaron hit his 715th Home Run, breaking Babe Ruth's record, the pitcher who served it up was Al Downing of the Los Angeles Dodgers. They were both wearing number 44.
 When Saigon fell, the signal for all Americans to evacuate was Bing Crosby's 'White Christmas' being played on the radio
 When Swiss cheese ferments, a bacterial action generates gas. As the gas is liberated, it bubbles through the cheese leaving holes. Cheese-makers call them 'eyes.'
 When a coffee seed is planted, it takes five years to yield consumable fruit.
 When a female horse and male donkey mate, the offspring is called a mule, but when a male horse and female donkey mate, the offspring is called a hinny.
 When a giraffe's baby is born, it falls from a height of six feet--usually without being hurt
 When a horned toad is angry, it squirts blood from its eyes
 When a shrimp is first born, it's male--it gradually evolves into being female as it matures
 When a waitress draws a happy face on a check tips rise 18% When a waiter does, tips rise 3%
 When ants find food, they lay down a chemical trail, called a pheromone, so that other ants can find their way from the nest to the food source.
 When glass breaks, the cracks move at speeds of up to 3,000 miles per hour
 When honey is swallowed, it enters the blood stream within a period of 20 minutes.
 When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not playing They actually pass out from sheer terror
 When parking meters were first introduced, furious drivers beheaded them with axes
 When people first started sending letters in Britain, it was the recipient who paid the postage
 When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home to a sellout crowd, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city
 When the first duck-billed platypus arrived at the British Museum, the curators thought it was a fake and tried to pull its beak off
 When two dogs approach each other, the one that will be in charge wags its tail very slowly, rather than that quick wag-wag-wag If both wag slowly, watch out
 When two words are combined to form a single word (breakfast + lunch = brunch) the new word is called a 'portmanteau'
 When used by an ornithologist, the word 'lore' refers to the space between a bird's eye and its bill
 While performing her duties as queen, Cleopatra sometimes wore a fake beard
 While sleeping, one man in eight snores, and one in ten grinds his teeth.
 Whitby, Ontario has more donut stores per capita than any other place in the world
 Why dogs like squeeze toys so much. They like the sound because it sounds like an animal in distress
 Wild Bill Hickok was killed playing poker, holding two pairs - aces and eights, which has become known as 'Dead Man's Hand.'
 Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald He was also the first Bozo the clown
 William Butler Yeats wrote his most important poems between the age of 50 and 75
 William Moulton Marston, creator of Wonder Woman, also invented the polygraph
 William Shakespeare had 11 different ways of spelling his surname
 William the Conqueror was so strong he could jump on to his horse wearing full armor
 Willow bark, which provides the salicylic acid from which aspirin was originally synthesized, has been used as a pain remedy ever since the Greeks discovered its therapeutic power nearly 2,500 years ago.
 Wine grapes, oranges, figs and olives were first planted in North America by Father Junipero Sera in 1769.
 Winston Churchill was born in a women’s restroom during a dance
 With few exceptions, birds do not sing while on the ground They sing during flight or while sitting on an object off the ground
 Women blink twice as many times as men do
 Women burn fat more slowly than men, by a rate of about 50 calories a day.
 Women shoplift more often than men; the statistics are 4 to 1.
 Women's hearts beat faster than men's.
 Worker ants may live seven years and the queen may live as long as 15 years.
 Wrigley's promoted their new spearmint-flavored chewing gum in 1915 by mailing 4 sample sticks to each of the 1.5 million names listed in US telephone books.
 Wyoming was the first state to allow women to vote.
 X-ray technology has shown there are 3 different versions of the Mona Lisa under the visible one.
 Yellowstone is the world's 1st national park. It was dedicated in 1872.
 You are likely to blink 415 million times during your lifetime
 You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider
 You breathe about 10 million times a year
 You can make edible cheese from the milk of 24 different mammals
 You can tell if a skunk is about if you smell only 000000000000071 ounce of its spray
 You can use pinecones to forecast the weather--the scales will close when rain is on the way
 You won’t find a '6' in Cameroon phone numbers--the native language has no sound for 'x'
 You're more likely to be a target for mosquitoes if you consume bananas.
 You're more likely to get stung by a bee on a windy day that in any other weather
 Your feet may be as much as five to ten percent larger at the end of the day
 Your right lung takes in more air than your left one--that's because it's bigger The left is smaller to accomodate the space taken up by your heart
 Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks; otherwise it will digest itself
 Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end
 Your urine will turn bright yellow if you eat too much asparagus
 Zebras can't see the color orange
 Zipporah was the wife of Moses.

