Lois - "I can almost guarantee you a man made that commercial." Peter - "Of course a man made it. It's a commercial, Lois, not a delicious Thanksgiving dinner."
French Teacher - "So in French, when you want to say 'yes,' you say 'oui, oui.'" Peter - "You gotta be kidding me! Oh my God! That is hysterical. Oh man! And what do you say for 'no'? 'Doo doo'? I'll be right back, I gotta go take a wicked 'yes.'"
Meg - "So, the $26 would probably be safe in my room." Stewie - "Right. It'd probably get lost amongst the pin-ups of Justin Timberlake and Tom Cruise and...blast! Who the devil do teenagers like these days? Morgan Freeman."
Peter - "You should have heard them all laughing at me, Lois. They looked at me and all they saw was a loser. Except for that one guy with a lazy eye, he saw a loser and a snack machine."
Speaking Car - "Turn right at fork in road. In Soviet Russia - road forks you!"
Peter - "Hey, is your refridgerator running? Because if it is, I bet it's running a lot like you - very homosexually."
Peter - "Well, according to the Geneva Convention, paragraph 7, sentence 8, word 3: the.'"
Peter - "Hold on guys, I think I read a book on this once." Brian - "Are you sure it was a book? Are you sure it wasn't just nothing?" Peter - "Oh, yeah."
Peter - "Hey Brian, if cops are pigs, does that make you a Snausage?" Brian - "Good one, Peter. Did you stay up all night thinking of that one?" Peter - "I got to bed around 2, 2:30."
Peter - "Wait guys, I just got an idea. An idea so great that my head would explode if I even began to know what I was thinking about."
Psychiatrist - "I've been watching you and I don't think you're an addict, I think you're an idiot." Peter - "Well I don't pay you to think, hot lips, in fact, I don't pay you at all. Count it."
Peter - "Lois, I tried finding my creative talent just like you said. First I tried art..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to paint the penis?" (present) "Then I tried sculpting..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to sculpt the penis?" (present) "Then I tried music..." (flashback) "Am, am I supposed to conduct with my penis?"
Maids and Butlers - (in song) "We're only here to kiss your ass..."
Brian - "Oh my god. They ate Tricia Takanawa." Peter - "Why? They're just gonna get hungry again in an hour."
Peter - "HOLY CRAP! I'm communticating with nature! Uh, tree, if one of you falls and no one is around to hear you, do you make a noise?" Tree - "Oh yeah, Scott fell over last week and hasn't shut up about it since." Scott the Tree - "Oh yeah, go ahead and bitch, but you don't see anyone trying to HELP ME!"
Lois - "You're drunk again." Peter - "No, I'm just exhausted 'cause I've been up all night drinking."
Mayor West: Today we are here to honor Joe Swanson for pulling my poor one-eyed cat Bootsy out of the old stove pipe of my Grandmother's cabin. (Guy standing behind mayor west hits him on the back of the head with a stick.) Joe Swanson won the special people's decathalon and we're here to honor him.
Peter: I have a plan so good, it's retarded! 
Mafia guy: You come to me and ask me to kill a man I do not know. Now I ask you, why should I kill this "Count Chocula"?  Captain Crunch: Because that son of a bitch has been spreading lies! My cereal does not cut the roof of your mouth! With all respect.
Quagmire: My fellow Americans, I have not been entirely truthful with you. I did giggittygiggiydoo that girl. I gashmogied her gaflabity with my googus. And I am sorry
Peter (as a child): Why did all the dinosaurs die out? Man at Museum: Because you touch yourself at night. 
Lois - "Oh Peter...Something bad always happens when you drink." Peter - "Yea...Something bad...all the way to the bank!!" Brian - "Nice."
Peter:I'm looking for toilet training book? Book store guy: Everybody poops but you is still the standard one, We also have the less popular nobody poops but you. Peter: See were catholic so uhhh? Book store guy: Oh then you want your a naughty child and thats nothing but pure concentrated evil coming out the back end of you.
Farmers wife:(talking to stewie) I bet your hungry. Stewie: Yes and i bet you lost your viginity to a mechanical bull...NOW CHANGE ME!
Glen Quagmire: What? Fat bitches need loving too... but they have to pay
Peter: Hey Lois, give Chris a break. I mean, no TV? So he failed a class, it's not like he felt up his cousin in the garage that Thanksgiving when I was nineteen.
Peter: I never farted until i was 18 (flashback) fart Peter: What the hell was that?
Peter: Guns don't kill people, dangerous minorities do.
Stewie: "Heavens, it appears my penis has been stricken with rigamortous"
Stewie: I say mother, I come bearing a gift. I'll give you 2 hints. It's in my diaper and it's not a toaster.
Lois Griffin: You should spend some time with our kids, Peter. And with me. Peter Griffin: What could me and you do together? Lois Griffin:[Naughty laugh] Peter Griffin: Lois! You've got a sick mind! Lois Griffin: Peter, I'm talking about making love. Peter Griffin: I thought you wanted us to murder the children and harvest their organs for beer money  
Chris (looking at the Twinkie in his hand): I'm going to turn you into poo. 
Stewie (to one of the prostitutes at Cleveland's house): So, is there any tread left on the tires? Or at this point would it be like throwing a hot dog down a hallway?
[Quagmire sees a cheerleader tied up in a bathroom stall] Quagmire: Dear diary: Jackpot. 
Gun advocate: Guns don't kill people, dangerous minorities do. 
Peter: Gays don't vomit. They're a very clean people. And they have been ever since they came to this country from France. 
Lois: I guarantee you a man made that commercial.Peter: Of course a man made it. It's a commercial Lois, not a delicious thanksgiving dinner. 
Brian: Peter, did you read the fine print on this loan contract? Peter: Um, if by "read" you mean imagined a naked lady, then, yes. 
Lois: Peter tell Chris that women are not objects! Peter: Your mother's right Chris, listen to what it says. 
Quagmire: I felt guilty once, but she woke up halfway through. 
Stewie (reading the Bible)" My my, what a thumping good read, lions eating Christians, people nailing each other to two by fours. I'll say, you won't find that in Winnie the Pooh.
Brian: Hey, Peter, it's seven o'clock and you've still got your pants on. What's the occassion? 
Stewie: You know, I rather like this God fellow. Very theatrical, you know. Pestilence here, a plague there. Omnipotence ... gotta get me some of that.
Stewie: Nothing says "Obey Me" like a bloody head on a fence post! 
Stewie: For the love of God, shake me! Shake me like a British nanny! 
Stewie: Can I count to three? For God's sake, I'm already shooting at a fifth grade level. 
Peter: My son here is gonna be the best thing to happen in New York since Mayor Giuliani had all the homeless people secretly killed.
Stewie: The ruptured capillaries in your nose belie the clarity of your wisdom. 
Blast you and your estrogenical tyranny! 
Lois: Now kids, your father's just trying to spend time with his family. Or kill us. I'm not sure which. 
Lois: Stewie, did you unhook mommy's bra? 
Peter: Listen Lois, I know you're a feminist and I think that's adorable, but this is grown-up time and I'm the man. 
Peter: Here's to our wives! They may not be as hot as the women you see on TV, or as entertaining, but, um ... y'know, I don't know where I'm going with this, but thanks anyway.
Peter: Sorry Meg. Daddy loves ya, but Daddy also loves Star Trek, and in all fairness, Star Trek was here first. 
Lois: You're drunk again. Peter: No, I'm just exhausted 'cause I've been up all night drinking. 
Peter (after coming home drunk): Oh, Lois thank God it's you! The last few houses I went to were very rude. 
Peter: Fox has one of those new reality shows at eight, 'Fast animals, slow children.' 
Peter: Wow! Lois, look at you! You look like Britney Spears! Except not a fat guy. 
Counselor: I'd like to put video cameras in every room of your house so that I can observe your uncensored behavior. Peter: Wow, just like that show Big Brother ... except somebody'll be watching. 
Stewie: Well, I'd love to stay and chat, but you're a total bitch. 
Lois: Oh, I haven't been on a college campus in years. Everything seems so different. Stewie: Really? Perhaps if you laid on your back with your ankles behind your ears that would ring a few bells. 
Lois: Are you Kate Moss? For someone with no breasts, you've done very well for yourself. Good for you. 
Stewie: Hey, mother, I come bearing a gift. I'll give you a hint. It's in my diaper and it's not a toaster. 
Diane Simmons: Tom, I'm getting late word that you're a petty, jealous closet-case. Tom Tucker: Bit of breaking news, we now go live to Diane being a bitch. Diane. 
Meg: Everybody! Guess what I am? Stewie: Hm, the end result of a drunken back-seat grope-fest and a broken prophylactic? 
Meg: Wow! This looks just like my room at home! Lois: Yeah! Except for all of the trophies and pictures of friends. 
Meg: You could kill all the girls who are prettier than me. Death: Well, that would just leave England. 
Peter: I'm not afraid of anything, I laugh in the face of Death. See HAHAHAHA. Death: Oh great! Thanks a lot. As if it wasnt already hard enough to fit in. 
Stewie (to Lois): Look at him. He runs like a Welshman. Doesn't he run like a Welshman? Doesn't he? I think he runs like a Welshman.
Tom Tucker: Well Diane, theres something you're gonna have to get used to. Men running away form you. Diane Simmons: Shut up Tom, you're so far in the closet you're finding Christmas presents! 
Diane: Today, a local man charged for peeping in the women's bathroom at the Quahog Bowling Alley. Tom Tucker: Coming up, Diane's weight. 
Lois: Kids, your grandfather's ears are not gross and they are certainly not an enchanted forest. 
Peter: Oh my god, Brian, there's a message in my Alphabits. It says, 'Oooooo.' Brian: Peter, those are Cheerios. 
Peter: Don't worry Chris. Sometimes it's good not to fit in. (Flashback to Veitnam) Peter (dressed in a clown suit): You guys are stupid. Their gonna be looking for army people. 
Glen Quagmire: Hello, 911? It's Quagmire. Yeah, it's caught in the window this time. 
Peter: The deep south? Isn't that the place where the black guys are really lazy and all the white guys are just as lazy but they're mad at the black guys for being so lazy?
Peter: Well, we promised Lois we'd use our powers responsibly, but I suppose doing the exact opposite couldn't hurt. 
Peter: Pictures are better than words because some words are big and hard to understand. 
Peter: Oh this is almost as intense as that time I forgot how to sit down! 
Stewie: [speaking to a Latina maid] So which of the Latin countries are you from: the one with the civil war, the one with the cocaine, or the one with the fancy hats?
Chris: Dad, what's the blow-hole for? Peter: I'll tell you what it's not for, son. And when I do, you'll understand why I can never go back to Sea World. 
Quagmire: Giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity! 
Quagmire: You must be this beautiful to ride the Quagmire. 
Peter (to Lois): That's because Christians don't believe in gravity. 
Peter (runs to picketers bearing signs that say "Free Tibet"): Free Tibet! I'll take it! (Runs to phone booth.) Hello, China? I think I have something you may want, but it's gonna cost you....that's right--all the tea.
Chris: When I stick this army guy with the sharp bayonette up my nose, it tickles my brain. Hah hah hah ... ow. Oh, now I don't know math.
Peter: You know that whole Vietnam thing? Never happened. Brian: Oh yeah, but don't mention it around the Veterans Hospital. Those guys are really committed to the lie. 
Peter: I don't take coupons from giant chickens, not after last time. 
Peter: I have a plan so good, it's retarded! 
Peter: If you want an autograph right now, you either got to give me a pen or some snow. 
Chris: Hey little dude, how about some ice cream? Stewie: Yes I could go for a frozen treat right about now. But no sprinkles. And for every sprinkle I find, I shall kill you. 
Lois: I care about the size of your penis as much as you care about the size of my breasts. Peter: Oh my God! (runs off crying) 
Peter: [writing letter] Dear MacGuyver, Enclosed is a rubber band, a paper clip, and a drinking straw. Please save my dog. 

