In 1728 a woman was hanged in Edinburgh, and her body was taken away in a cart by relatives. The jolting of the vehicle over the rough roads was apparently sufficent stimulus to restore her, and by the time it had gone six miles she was 'almost well'. She was still living in 1753. (Crimes And Punishment: The Illustrated Crime Encyclopedia, Vol. 5)
Zip, the popular circus sideshow pinhead, died in 1926 at the age of 84. His honorary pallbearers were the Fat Girl, the Tattooed Lady, the Human Skeleton, and Cliko the Bushman.
When Paul Hughes' Ford Sierra skidded into a ditch near Selby, North Yorkshire he clambered out to warn on-coming drivers about ice on the road. Too late: a Jaguar went out of control on the same patch of ice and killed him. (Bizarre magazine, 8/98
The worst air disaster of all-time occurred in Tenerife on March 27, 1977 when two 747's collided on the runway and burst into flames, killing 583 people.
An Italian woman who wanted to commit suicide by gassing herself, closed all the windows in her apartment, turned on her gas oven and then proceeded to light a last cigarette. She blew up her building killing two other tenants, but she survived!
14-year-old Martine Blot of Paris was killed by a man who fell on her as he jumped from the tower of Notre Dame Cathedral to commit suicide. Talk about being in the wrong place at the wrong time!
15,000-20,000 people die each year in alcohol-related car crashes. (The Big Book Of Vice)
Norine B. Cusick of Long Island City, NY, committed suicide in 1989 by climbing the foul pole at Shea Stadium and jumping 120 feet to the playing field.
24-year-old student Tetsuo Sugawara suffocated when he taped his nose and mouth shut as part of an experiment on the effects of breathing. Oh well... I don't think he'd have graduated anyway...
Hurricane Camille, which struck the Mississippi and Louisiana coastline on August 16, 1969, left over 300 people dead and nearly 100,000 homeless.
28 inmates died during their stay at Alcatraz: eight were murdered by other inmates, five committed suicide, and 15 died from illness.
28-year-old Denise Graves put a plastic bag over her 3-month-old daughter's head because the baby woke Denise up with her crying. Denise then went back to sleep.
313 Union Army soldiers died of sunstroke during the Civil War.
In 1348 the Black Death (bubonic plague) killed half the population of London.
In 1757, an idiot named Robert Francois Damiens made a half-hearted attempt to murder Louis XV of France with a blunt knife, and was horribly executed, torn into four quarters while still alive by four horses.
In 1917, an overloaded train carrying French troops home from Italy ran out of control on a downslope. Friction from the brakes started a fire and the train was derailed at high speed, killing at least 450 soldiers and possibly as many as 700.
The recent tornadoes in Oklahoma, which have resulted in 38 deaths, are the deadliest since April 9, 1947 when a 1.8 mile wide tornado destroyed Woodward, killing 113 people. (The Associated Press)
In 1937, Arkansas bankrobber Rufe Persfal got hold of a hatchet in an Alcatraz workshop and promptly chopped the finger off one of his hands.
Henry Grey, the Duke of Suffolk, father of England's nine-day queen, Lady Jane Grey, was beheaded in 1554. His mummified head can be seen in a glass-topped box in the vestry of St. Botolph Aldgate in London.
A 17-year-old boy in France committed suicide supposedly because his parents wouldn't let him have plastic surgery to look like Michael Jackson. Sounds like a mercy killing to me!
The poet, Walter de la Mare, lay very ill. His daughter asked if she could get him anything - fruit perhaps, or flowers? 'No,' he muttered, 'Too late for fruit, too soon for flowers'.
In 1938, 32,000 people in the U.S. died in traffic accidents. The automobile had truly arrived! (The People's Almanac #2)
In 1969, nine people died on a river in Zambia when their boat was hit by rampaging hippopotamuses.
A 1986 Florida survey found that bicycle fatalities had tripled since 1981, when a tough new drunk-driving statute began forcing alcoholics to ride bikes.
Hawaii's Big Island closed out its 1996 highway death toll at 35 (compared to 23 in 1995) on December 26 with the one-vehicle crash in Hamakua of motorcyclist Hy Hoe Silva, 41.
In 1970, Japanese writer Yukio Mishima (Kimitake Hiraoka) committed suicide by disembowelment and decapitation (a ritual called seppuku or hara-kiri) as a protest of the Westernization of Japan. Here, once again, is true dedication to the cause!
In 1978, Terry Kath from the band Chicago pointed a gun at his head and pulled the trigger to prove it wasn't loaded. It was. Oops...
A 22-year-old woman in an automobile collision in Pendleton, Ore., in January was placed in an ambulance, but seconds later a tractor-trailer skidded into it, crushing it and killing the woman. (News Of The Weird)
In 1983, a California man was suffocated when his waterbed rolled over on him while he slept.
In 1987, Lord Avebury of England rewrote his will to ensure that his body would be fed to his dogs when he died. Talk about devotion to one's pets!
In 1987, a man in Australia claimed that Bob Dylan's music had inspired him to kick his mother to death. I guess Dylan's voice could drive anyone to murder...
A 24-year-old man in Sterling Heights, Michigan needed 16 stitches after shooting himself accidentally in the penis while asleep in bed.
The most devastating earthquake in recorded history hit the northern Shaanxi province in China in 1556, killing an estimated 830,000 people. (Inside China Today)
The mayor of a Philippine town accidentally shot himself in February 1985 when he slammed his car door on the cocked pistol tucked in his belt. A colleague went to his aid and drove him off to hospital but he died when the car ran out of petrol.
A 28-year-old expert mountain climber fell to his death near Redding, Calif., as he was demonstrating safety techniques to a group of teenagers. He had severed his main line to demonstrate the security of the second line, but the second line failed.
In 1987, infamous Nazi Rudolph Hess, the last surviving member of Hitler's inner circle, strangled himself to death with a cord at age 93, in Spandau Prison.
In 1989, a man in Far North Queensland, Australia, was kicked and gored to death by a supposedly trained 'boxing' kangaroo. The RSPCA employee who has since taken the animal said 'it is the roughest ironic justice I've ever seen'.
A 36-year-old man survived a head-on crash into a utility pole in Miami Beach, Florida, in January, and was waiting to be picked up when the pole fell on top of him, killing him. (News Of The Weird)
From the Evolution In Action Department: A Bossier City, Louisiana man died of a cerebral hemorrhage after he decided to settle a dispute with a head-butting contest.
From the 'Evolution In Action' department: in February, according to police in Windsor, Ont., Daniel Kolta, 27, and Randy Taylor, 33, died in a head-on collision, thus earning a tie in the game of chicken they were playing with their snowmobiles.
The last words of doomed space shuttle Challenger pilot Mike Smith, as recorded on a crew cabin recorder, was the incredibly poetic and profound, 'Uh oh!'
A 46-year-old bass-baritone for the Cleveland (Ohio) Opera hanged himself in December, reportedly distraught over a bad rehearsal for 'Lucia di Lammermoor.' (News Of The Weird)
A 47-year-old man was killed in Arjay, Kentucky, in June when his lifelong friend, Silas Caldwell, 47, 'missed low' after he agreed to try to shoot a beer can off the man's head. (News Of The Weird)
Sixty-two-year-old Iris Somerville was killed in June 1982 while waling through Queens Park in Willesden, north London, when lightning struck the metal underwire in her bra.
The last words of convicted murderer John Spenkelink, electrocuted on May 25, 1979, were the rather amusing and sadly quite valid, 'Capital punishment -- Them without the capital get the punishment.'
From 1882 to 1903, Southern mobs lynched no less than 1,985 African-Americans, often only on a suspicion of wrongdoing. (Crimes And Punishment: The Illustrated Crime Encyclopedia, Vol. 16)
French founder of the Theater Of The Absurd, Alfred-Henri Jarry, drank himself to death at the age of 34. His last words were in fine absurdist form: 'I am dying, please... bring me a toothpick'.
A 72-year-old man was slightly injured when his car went off the road near Penicton, British Columbia, in December, resting on a ledge; when a rescuer attempted to reach him, the car slipped off and fell 30 feet, killing the man. (News Of The Weird)
The last words of convicted murderer Jimmy Glass, as he sat on the Electric Chair on June 12, 1987, were the highly appropriate, 'I'd rather be fishing'.
The last words of academic and grammarian Monsieur Dominiqe Bouhours were very precise, as befits a great scholar: 'I am about to - or I am going to - die; either expression is used'. Words that live in history...
In August, 1940, Russian Communist Leon Trotsky, 60, living in exile in Mexico, was hacked to death by an assassin with an ice axe. (The People's Almanac #2)
The last words of Heinrich Heine, a German romantic poet who died in 1856 of tertiary syphilis, were, 'God will forgive me - that's his job.'
The last two remaining samples of smallpox virus are being kept frozen in Atlanta, GA and in Moscow.
When French police charged Louis Pilar with shooting his wife he blamed a three-week TV strike. 'There was nothing to look at. I was bored,' he said.
A Brooklyn youth was mauled to death when he and two friends went swimming in the polar bear pool in Prospect Park Zoo.
Twenty-seven men died during the construction of the Bay Bridge in San Francisco, nearly three times as many as were killed during the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge.
A California woman was celebrating winning the football pool at the cannery where she worked by passing out doughnuts, when she was snagged by a machine and pulled to her death.
The last execution with Guillotine took place in France September 10, 1977 in Marseille, when the murderer Hamida Djandoubi was beheaded.
In Berlin, a 24-year-old victim of the last eclipse of the millennium was hospitalized with severe burns after he climbed a power pylon to get a good view and touched a 20,000-volt electricity cable. (The Darwin Awards)
A Connecticut man beat a woman to death after she told him he looked like Howdy Doody.
A Dallas, Texas woman died in 1983 from lead poisoning caused by a bullet left lodged in her knee.
Thirteen passengers and twenty-two crew members were killed in the explosion of the Hindenburg airship.
A Fiji fisherman was gravely wounded when a three-foot-long swordfish leapt from the ocean and speared him in the chest. (Beware the wrath of vengeful fish!)
In Buenos Aires in 1968, when the crowd rioted during a league game between River Plate and Boca Juniors, a total of 73 fans were killed.
In California in 1984, a young woman committed suicide by closing herself up in her family's dishwasher.
The funeral of a man in Palermo, Italy, was halted when the deceased woke up and climbed out of his casket. His mother was so startled she died on the spot of a heart attack.
In California in 1987, a professional ash-scatterer was forced to pay $27 million to 5,000 families after he was found guilty of using the ashes to fertilize his farm. (Fiendish Freya Harris)
In Edmond Oklahoma in 1986, postal worker Patrick Sherrill received terrible performance reviews before he shot and killed 14 co-workers and injured 7 others. I guess some people just can't take any criticism, huh?
A Long Island man claimed he stabbed another guy 72 times and ran him over with a car 'in self-defense'. Unsurprisingly, he was convicted of murder.
The first public execution in the United States was a hanging in 1630. The last public execution in the United States was a hanging in 1937 in Owensboro, Kentucky. 20,000 people turned out for that final show...
Convicted murderer Edward Earl Johnson's last words as he awaited execution in the gas chamber on May 20, 1987 were the resigned, 'I guess nobody is going to call'. And, indeed, no one did.
The first motorized hearses appeared in the United States and England in 1910. (Fiendish Freya Harris)
A Michigan man died when a 14-pound bowling ball, thrown from a passing car, bounced through the window of his car and killed him.
A New Mexico man was parking his car in his garage when his foot slipped and hit the gas, which sent the car through the garage door, hitting a freezer and pushing it through the wall, where it fell on his wife and killed her instantly.
The first motor vehicle fatality ever occurred in 1896, when the first car in England ran over a woman and crushed her head.
A New York mugger tried to hide from his pursuers in July 1985 by climbing into a rubbish compressor. The machine was switched on while he was still inside. The police later reported that he had been 'crushed into a little ball'.
The first bomb dropped on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941 at 7:49 a.m. pierced the roof of a 3,200-man barracks complex and exploded in the dining hall, killing 35 men at breakfast. (December 1991 National Geographic)
In Europe and America in 1962, pregnant women who had been prescribed a sedative known as thalidomide began to deliver deformed babies, some with flippers instead of limbs. (The People's Almanac #2)
Feb. 1, 1970 -- 236 killed in a fatal train crash in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
A Paraguayan judge sentenced a man to die before a firing squad for a shotgun killing, even though it meant his siamese twin would die (there was evidence that he tried to prevent the murder).
In Germany in 1917, government food rations were cut to levels of 1,000 calories per person per day. Unable to subsist on the turnip-based diet, an estimated 750,000 Germans starved to death. (The People's Almanac #2)
In Hoboken, New Jersey, in 1900, a fire desttroyed the docks of two ocean steamship companies, burned down two ocean liners, and incinerated 326 people. (Dreamland: America At The Dawn Of The 20th Century)
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself. (Useless Facts, donated by Art Aiello)
Evita Peron, probably best known from the musical and movie based on her life, died of uterine cancer at 33 on July 26, 1952. Her embalmed body was stolen by the military and returned some time later.
In January 1985, police found the body of a young woman in an unclaimed suitcase at Los Angeles international airport. They assumed she must have been a stow-away who had died of hypothermia or asphyxiation.
Englishman William Hall committed suicide in 1971 by drilling 8 holes into his own head.
In January, preparing for a festival at the end of Ramadan, the Taliban government in Afghanistan decided to clean up six trees in Kabul displaying the amputated left feet of recently convicted robbers. (News Of The Weird, donated by sofia)
A West Palm Beach woman and her daughter were electrocuted when lightning struck a pond and traveled up their fishing lines.
In Japan, a 4-year-old boy drowned while frolicking unattended as his mother played Pachinko, a pinball/slot-machine craze sweeping the country. More than two dozen toddler deaths have been attributed to parents' obsession with the game.
A Yugoslav boy survived falling from the seventh floor of a block of flats in Belgrade in December 1985 - by landing on a passing woman, who was unfortunately killed.
The crusaders used to scare beseiged towns into surrender by cutting off the heads of fellow crusaders and promptly catapulting the heads over the town walls.
In July 1890, Vincent Van Gogh shot himself in the chest. He lived for two days. He spent his last day in bed, smoking his pipe, comforted by his brother Theo. Six months after Vincent's death, Theo died also. (Smithsonian, 10/98)
Thomas Jefferson's sister Elizabeth was seriously retarded, and remained a responsibility for Jefferson and his mother until she wandered into the woods one day and died at the age of 30. (The People's Almanac #2)
A barber in Lakeland, Fla. bit off a patron's thumb when he backed out of a five dollar haircut.
In July 1995, a Ukrainian man accused of killing a woman and making a bra and shorts out of her skin told a court that he did it to calm his nerves. (donated by Academy Receptionist)
A bolt of lightning struck a baseball field in Florida on July 31, 1949, burning a trench from first to second base and killing three players.
A carpenter in Dusseldorf, Germany was killed in 1951 when he was speared by a six-foot-long icicle.
Elizabeth Bathory, the 16th century 'Bloody Countess,' was witness to an execution as a child in which a gypsy, convicted of selling his children was sewn up into the belly of a horse and left to die with the animal.
Early in 1974, a sixty-year-old woman awoke to find a dead man jammed into the back window of her home in Herne Hill, south London. Police concluded that he was probably a burglar who died of a heart attack.
Witch hunting was officially banned in England in 1736 when the Witchcraft Act was passed.
During the witch hunt hysteria at Neisse, in Silesia, the executioner made an oven in which he roasted witches. In 1651, 42 women and young girls were roasted to death in it, and in nine years he roasted over two thousand, including two babies.
In June, Glynn 'Scotty' Wolfe, 88, reported to be the world's most often-married man, passed away in Redlands, Calif., but none of his 29 wives claimed the body, and only two weeks later did his son (from wife number 14) do so.
In March in Fullerton, California, a man in his early 20's accidentally shot himself to death in the course of pistol-whipping the manager of a computer store he was robbing. (News of the Weird)
During the Viet Nam War, the U.S. expended 39,424 pounds of ammunition per fatality at a cost of $2,436,657 per each enemy death. Now, there's an example of American know-how at work!
The Italian author, lover, and military leader Gabriele D'Annunzio claimed that he had once eaten a roasted baby and drunk wine from the skull of a virgin. He died in 1938.
In March, 1912, British naval captain and explorer Robert F. Scott, 44, and four others died in Antarctica, after reaching the South Pole on January 18. (The People's Almanac #2)
During the French Revolution, 2,498 people were guillotined.
The Greek playwright Aeschylus was killed when an eagle dropped a tortoise on his head.
During an argument at a Maryland truck stop, an irate Fred Warren stuck a hunting knife into a tire. The escaping air from the punctured tire blew the knife back into his own throat and killed him.
easy: had he been tried under Islamic law, as many were calling for in the predominately Muslim country, he would have faced either crucifixion or being stoned to death. (Criminal and Deviant Sexuality)
During World War I, troops on both sides of the conflict in the Alps deliberately set off avalanches with their weapons, which crushed the troops below. It is believed that 40,000 or more troops died in this manner during the war.
A drunk security man asked a colleague at the Moscow bank they were guarding to stab his bullet-proof vest to see if it protected him against the knife..... It didn't and the 25-year-old guard died of a heart wound.
During World War I, influenza killed more soldiers than mustard gas and machine guns.
In Methuen, MA a child was attacked by a swan and drowned in 1938 - the only case of a killer swan on record.
The 16th-century composer Lully, who wrote music for the king of France, died in a most tragic manner. While rehearsing the musicians, he got too serious beating time with his staff, and drove it right through his foot. He died of infection.
In November 1995, home invaders broke into a suburban apartment, killed a little girl and then shot her mother in the head, slit her throat, ripped a fetus out of the pregnant woman's uterus and walked off with the infant.
Ted Bundy's last words, as he headed towards his execution, were the typically pragmatic, 'Let's do it!' And so they did...
In November, a 26-year-old man in southern Thailand leaped from a sixth-floor window to his death, reportedly because his wife had refused to let the two additional wives he had just brought home stay with the couple. (News Of The Weird)
In Slidell, La., in December, Jason Jinks, 20, decided to open his car door and back up at 25 mph in order to look for his hat that had just fallen off; when he hit the brakes, he fell out on his head and, three days later, died.
A four-ton elephant, being used to erect a circus tent, was electrocuted by a power line. The elephant then fell on its trainer, killing him.
When he dies, David Hughes of Colorado Springs has arranged to be buried with his laptop computer, modem, and cellular phone. David plans to go on-line to the internet from the Great Beyond. (Now, that's addiction!)
Three years before her death in 1996, Ella Fitzgerald had both of her legs amputated due to complications from diabetes.
Statistic from the American Justice Department: One in every thousand Americans is a murderer and there are, on average, 16 murders a day in New York.
Charles Rogers reached to help a grave digger when the grave began caving in. Rogers fell in, followed by the headstone, which crushed him dead. It was originally his brother's grave.
In a case of involuntary acupuncture, condemned Texan Stephen Peter Morin had to endure 45 minutes of probing with needles before they found a suitable vein with which to execute him.
Something to ponder:
Oct. 22, 1949 -- 200-plus killed in a fatal train crash outside Dwor, Poland. (The World Almanac and Book of Facts 1998 - donated by Lynne Rutledge)
Six women with whom Adolf Hitler was intimately involved (including his niece, Geli) committed suicide. Hmmm... I wonder if there was a connection?
John Lacey of Savannah, Georgia, suffered 95 per cent burns in an accident in May 1982. Over forty hospitals refused to admit him though, mainly because he did not possess medical insurance. He died two days later.
Singer Jackie Wilson collapsed of a stroke and a heart attack onstage in 1967 while singing 'Lonely Teardrops'. He never regained consciousness and died eight years later. (Unusual Deaths)
Dennis R. Widdison of Newark, England committed suicide in 1987 by pounding 5-inch nails into his own skull with a hammer.
Since 1960, some 300 divers have died while exploring Florida's underwater caves. (National Geographic)
Shortly after his return from the Trojan War, the Greek hero Agamemnon was murdered by his wife, Clytemnestra, who struck him twice with an ax while he was relaxing in the tub.
Dempr Cevic, a Turkish villager, won a $15 bet in 1974 by eating a whole barbecued lamb. Ten minutes later he dropped dead.
A man was miraculously uninjured from a wreck in which his car crashed into two utility poles, rolled down an embankment, and tore through a fence... when he was struck and killed by a passing truck.
Sept. 29, 1957 -- 250 killed in a fatal train crash in Montgomery, West Pakistan (now known as Sahiwal, Pakistan).
Sept. 22, 1994 -- 300 killed in a fatal train crash in Tolunda, Angola.
John O'Brien never lived to see the movie based on his autobiographical novel 'Leaving Las Vegas'. Two weeks into production of the movie, the 34-year-old alcoholic O'Brien shot himself in the head - in Los Angeles, not Las Vegas.
Dec. 12, 1917 -- 543 killed in a fatal train crash in Modane, France.
Sandra Ilene West, an oil heiress, was buried in 1977 wearing a lace negligee and seated behind the wheel of her powder-blue 1964 Ferrari. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
A member of a South Carolina wedding party was killed in 1992 when he was struck by the bridal couple's getaway aircraft as he mooned them on the runway. Now, that takes talent...
David Grundman died in 1982 when he fired two shotgun blasts at a giant saguaro cactus outside of Phoenix, Arizona. A twenty three foot section of the plant fell on him and crushed him to death. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Dairy delivery driver Joseph LaRose was killed when 500 pounds of ice cream treats fell on him in Tampa, FL.
In the 12th century, the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick Barbarossa punished whores caught with his soldiers by cutting off their noses. (The Big Book Of Vice)
Aug. 20, 1995 -- 300-plus killed in a fatal train crash in Firozabad, India.
Roman emperor Nero held night games at the coliseum by the light of burning Christian martyrs. (The Big Book Of Bad)
In the city of Basel, in 1474, a rooster was accused of being a witch. Its heinous crime was to lay an egg! The trial was held in all seriousness by the citizens of Basel and the rooster was subsequently sentenced to be burned at the stake.
When serial killer Ted Bundy went to the electric chair on January 24, 1989 he gave a nod and grin to his lawyer before being strapped down and fried. When the mask was removed it was discovered that he had died with a smirk on his face.
Turkeys in factory farms are debeaked, stuffed in crowded wire cages, and fed an unnatural diet complete with chemicals, drugs, and antibiotics.
Leslie Merry of London, England was killed at the age of 56 by a turnip thrown from a passing car in a drive-by pelting.
At least 20,000 Irish people died at sea while attempting to immigrate to America during the Great Potato Famine. These deaths were hastened by horrible conditions aboard the leaking, grossly overcrowded ships.
In the past four decades, more than a million people in Rwanda and Burundi have died and millions more have been driven from thier homes. To help stop the violence, Rwanda is putting 90,000 suspected killers on trial.
Pope Leo VIII died of a stroke in 965 while committing adultery.
Mt. Krakatoa in Indonesia erupted on August 26, 1883, killing 36,417 people, most of whom died from the Tsunami (tidal wave) following the eruption.
By 1959, the cumulative death toll on U.S. highways exceeded the casualty figures for all U.S. wars combined. (The People's Almanac #2)
Oct. 6, 1972 -- 208 killed in a fatal train crash in Saltillo, Mexico.
Pliny the Elder was a Roman scientist. His most famous work was Natural History. Pliny's interest in volcanoes drew him too close to the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in A.D. 79. He was overcome by its toxic fumes. (The Big Book Of Bad)
Attila the Hun died during sex.
A romantic Valentine's Day fact: Peter the Great had his wife executed for infidelity, but he still loved her enough to have her head preserved in a jar.
Washington and Montana are the only states that still use hanging as a method of execution.
Walter Freeman, the father of the lobotomy, was (unsurprisingly, really) beaten to death by a deranged patient in his office in 1955.
Isabeau of Bavaria, the consort of King Charles VI of France, regularly applied to her face an emollient of boar brains, wolf blood, and crocodile glands. (The People's Almanac #2)
It is estimated that between 500 and 1,000 people die of auto-erotic asphyxiation in the United States each year.
Paul Revere is documented as the first Forensic Dentist: He was called upon to identify a former patient's remains by his teeth. (Useless Facts, donated by Art Aiello)
After 40-year-old tennis legend Vitas Gerulaitis died in his sleep of carbon monoxide poisoning at the home of a friend, this touched off public interest in having carbon monoxide detectors in the home.
British tourist Stephen John Pepperell, 39, lost his balance as he was tossing a melon off a second-floor balcony into a trash can in Nicosia, Cyprus, and fell to his death last October.
James Dean's last words before his fatal car crash were, 'That guy's got to stop. He'll see us.'
Paraskevi Kanima, a sixty-four-year-old Greek woman, died in Athens in September 1983 of what doctors termed 'excessive joy'. A family reunion after sixteen years separation brought on a fatal heart attack as she re-entered her parents' house.
Over the years, several people have died while trying to imitate their favorite action heroes by using TV or telephone cables to rappel down buildings.
A tennis referee died during a tournament from a fractured skull he received when collapsing on the court surface after being struck in the testicles by a tennis ball.
British novelist Arnold Bennett died in Paris in 1931 of typhoid contracted from a glass of local water - which he drank to demonstrate that the water in Paris was perfectly safe.
James Lick's remains rest in a pillar on which is mounted the telescope at Lick Observatory on Mount Hamilton, in California. He financed the observatory's construction. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
James P. Riva of Massachusetts was convicted in 1980 of shooting his grandmother with gold-tipped bullets and trying to drink her blood. At his trial, he testified that he had been a vampire for four years.
Oscar Wilde's last words were, 'Either this wallpaper goes or I do!'
Orvell Wyatt Lloyd of Dallas, Texas, told police that he mistook his mother-in-law for a large raccoon when he hacked her to death in her garage in 1981.
Jan. 16, 1944 -- 500 killed in a fatal train crash in Leon Province in Spain.
On April 27, 1969 Bolivian president Rene Barrientos died when his helicopter became tangled in power lines near his hometown of Cochabamba. (The People's Almanac #2)
A village birthday party for a 100-year-old Italian ended in tragedy when the wind blew off his hat and he slipped and died chasing it.
Jan. 4, 1990 -- 210-plus killed in a fatal train crash in Sindh Province, Pakistan.
Blackbeard, the pirate, survived being shot in the chest five times. Eventually he was killed via decapitation. (That always seems to work...)
Jeffrey Hunter is probably best known for his portrayal of Captain Pike, who commanded the USS Enterprise before a certain James T. Kirk. His life and career were cut tragically short when he died following brain surgery after an accidental fall.
Between 1969 and 1973, the United States military dropped 25 Hiroshimas' worth of bombs on Cambodia, killing 150,000 civilians or more.
While locked in solitary confinement at Alcatraz, a counterfeiter named John Stadig bent a prong on a fork, pried a vein out of one wrist and bit it in half. He was stopped in the midst of digging out a vein on his other wrist.
Before the advent of photography, death masks - a plaster cast of the deceased person's face - were very popular methods of remembrance. Death masks of famous people were often sold as souvenirs.
U.S. physician Jesse William Lazear died in 1900 when he was voluntarily infected with yellow fever as part of Walter Reed's research. Now, THAT'S dedication to the cause!
One of the more ingenious methods of germ warfare was employed circa 1350 by the Tartars, who took the bodies of plague victims and catapulted them into whatever cities they were besieging.
An agency of the International Chamber of Commerce in London reported in January that a total of 51 people on ships were killed in 1997 in attacks by pirates. The prime areas of concern were near Indonesia, India, the Philippines, and Brazil.
A woman in North Carolina was chopped up by her son one month after she put up his $10,000 bail when he was arrested for killing his stepfather. (Kids do the darndest things!)
Utah and Idaho are the only states that still allow execution via firing squad.
June 6, 1981 -- 500-plus killed in a fatal train crash in Bihar, India.
Kevin McQuain, an 18-year-old student, was caught boiling the head of the former mayor of Syracuse, New York in his college dorm room. He said he took the head from a local cemetery to help with his classes. What a committed student!
An autopsy on Elvis Presley showed that he died with 12 different drugs in his system.
Mt. Tambora in Indonesia erupted on April 15, 1815, killing 92,000 people, most of whom died of starvation following the eruption.
A woman was killed while sunbathing on the French Riviera when she was struck in the chest by the rib of a runaway beach umbrella.
On April 4, 1933, the American airship Akron was lost in a storm over the Atlantic with only three survivors from a crew of 76.
Liberace was one of a pair of twins. His brother was skeletal and didn't survive birth but Liberace (real name: Wladziu) weighed 13 pounds. Excessive from the very beginning...
Two United States presidents - Thomas Jefferson and James K. Polk - have died from diarrhea.
An eighteen-stone man trying to hang himself from an aqueduct over the river Ouse in Buckinghamshire in February 1986 apparently drowned when the rope broke.
On New Year's Day, Vince J., a 20-year-old professional snowboarder, died in his own backyard. Vince was performing tricks for his friends when he slammed chest first into his patio railing. Vince died of a massive heart failure.
At an F.A. Cup semi-final football match in Hillsborough, England on April 15th, 1989 95 fans were crushed to death in the mad rush to the terracing.
On May 30, 1937, Chicago police attacked striking Republic Steel workers and their families, killing 10 and wounding hundreds. This became known as the Memorial Day Massacre. (The People's Almanac #2)
Madame Tussaud opened her wax museum in 1802. She got her start making death masks of guillotine victims during the Reign of Terror. (City Of The Silent)
Malcolm X was struck down by a total of 16 shots, including the blast of a sawed-off shotgun, from at least 5 assassins. Now that's what I call overkill.
A young man died when he dived off a Weymouth jetty in September 1982. The tide was out.
On June 7, 1862, William Bruce Mumford, a retired gambler in New Orleans, became the first U.S. citizen to be tried and hanged for treason. His offense? Desecration of the American flag. (The People's Almanac #2)
About 100,000 Americans die from alcohol-related causes each year, and the typical alcoholic dies 10 to 12 years early. (The Big Book Of Vice)
On May 2, 1998, Hideto 'Hide' Matsumoto, the 33-year-old guitarist of XJapan, a popular Japanese rock group, hanged himself from a towel hooked to a doorknob. Several distraught fans attempted copycat suicides but, due to the difficulty of this method, only one actually succeeded. (Bizarre, April 2000)
Why am I somewhat skeptical about this one? Maybe it has to do with the tabloid source. Does anyone have confirmation of this? (Reuters, donated by Daniel Laycock)
March 2, 1944 -- 521 killed in a fatal train crash in Salerno, Italy.
According to the August 13 Working Group, a German research group, as many as 1,000 people may have died trying to flee communist East Germany to the West during the Cold War. (Reuters)
On June 15, 1867 Mary Wiggins Burnsworth of Mc-Cordsville, Indiana went under the knife in the first gallstone operation. Dr. John Stough Bobbs performed the surgery and thus became known as the father of cholecystectomy. (The People's Almanac #2)
After 1736, no one was persecuted for being a witch in the American Colonies and witchcraft was removed as a capital offense.
On February 17, 1926 a man in Bingham, Utah was taking a shower when a large avalanche roared down Sap Gulch behind the town onto his house. He was lifted from the shower and carried bodily for nearly 100 yards before being set down unharmed.
Sherwood Anderson's short stories made him a literary giant. In later years, he confessed he could only write 'when I am slightly under the influence of strong drink.' In 1941 - after swallowing a toothpick at a cocktail party - he died of peritonitis on an ocean liner bound for Brazil.
After Francesca Cruz killed her landlady, she dismembered the body, boiled the flesh, baked it, and left it in trash cans around L.A. as food for the homeless. As if the poor homeless didn't have enough to worry about...
Marcus Licinius Crassus was a Roman financier and politician who lived from 115-53 B.C. According to one story, this notorious Roman leader and moneylender met his death at the hands of Parthian soldiers who poured molten gold down his throat.
Another favored and highly inventive method of torture and execution of Christians by the Romans was to sew the Christians into the skins of wild beasts and set hungry dogs upon them.
May 22, 1915 -- 227 killed in a fatal train crash outside Gretna, Scotland.
After murdering his final victim - an eighty-eight-year-old grandmother named Kate Rich - Henry Lee Lucas carved an upside-down cross between the old woman's breasts. Then he raped her corpse. (The A to Z Encyclopedia Of Serial Killers)
Michael Fresquez of Austin, Texas, came home very drunk on the night of May 7, 1983. He tripped on a garden hose, became tangled in it, and strangled to death trying to free himself. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Michael Scaglione killed himself with a golf club in 1982. Angry about a poor shot, he threw the club at a golf cart. A portion broke off, flew back at him, and severed his jugular vein. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
On January 17, 1977 the United States ended its 10-year moratorium on capital punishment as convicted murderer Gary Gilmore, 36, faced a firing squad in Utah. (The People's Almanac #2)
Andre Isoardo had to shoot himself five times before finally managing to kill himself. Along with a suicide note, police in Marseilles found 9mm bullets lodged in his stomach, groin, wrist, throat and brain. (March/April 1998, Bizarre magazine)
On August 27, 1984, 13-year-old Danny Holley hung himself because he thought if there was one less mouth to feed, things would be better for his poverty-stricken family.
Claudius, the Emperor of Rome, choked to death on a feather.
On February 11, 1968, Mria Fuertes murdered her newborn baby because she was convinced that the child was fathered by Satan.
Analysis of the 'Black Box' recordings from airline crashes shows that the most common last words are the ever-poetic, 'Oh, Shit!!!' You'd say it too if it happened to you!
Allan Pinkerton, the founder of the detective agency, stumbled during his morning walk, bit his tongue and died of gangrene.
Most notorious prisoners at the Tower of London were kept in 'Little Ease,' a small cell in which it is impossible to stand upright or lay down. They may stay crouched for a week before their torture began in earnest. (The Torture Museum)
Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Rooney died together on Christmas Eve, 1885. Mrs. Rooney allegedly spontaneously combusted and Mr. Rooney, a Seneca, Illinois, farmer, died of asphyxiation from the smoke in the air.
An engineer died at Delhi airport in February 1982 after being sucked into the engine of a Boeing 737. The official cause of death was reported as 'shock'.
Mt. Pelee in Martinique erupted on August 30, 1902, killing 29,025, most of whom died in pyroclastic flows.
On August 6, 1890 at Auburn State Prison in New York, convicted murderer William Kemmler became the first man to be executed in the electric chair. Kemmler lingered eight minutes after the switch was pulled. (The People's Almanac #2)
1998 was the deadliest hurricane season in two centuries. The death toll for Hurricane Mitch alone, which stalled over Honduras and Nicaragua with torrents of rain which caused severe flooding, storm surge and mudslides, is estimated to be more than 10,000. (The Associated Press)
Frederic Chopin's affair with novelist George Sand may have contributed to his death from tuberculosis. During a vacation with Sand on the island of Majorca, Chopin's failing health was made the worse by the bad winter weather. Their affair ended in 1847, and Chopin died two years later at age 39.
On February 3, 1998, during a routine U.S. Marine training mission in the Italian Alps, a Prowler jet swooped low over the ski resort at Cavalese, severing a cable and sending a gondola filled with skiers plunging 320 feet to the ground, killing all 20 aboard. (People, 2/8/99)
James Camb was a 31-year-old steward on the ship Durban Castle who was convicted of murdering an attractive young actress named Gay Gibson on October 17, 1947. He trapped her in a cabin, attempted to rape her, then strangled her and threw her body through a porthole into shark-infested waters.
Dr Wang Cheung, a Chinese doctor living in London, climbed onto the roof of the Chinese embassy in December 1981 in order to commit suicide. Having got there, he changed his mind and started to make his way back down, but slipped and fell 40ft to his death.
George Leese, leader of the 19th century New York street gang, The Slaughter Housers, had a very unusual occupation. He was a professional blood sucker - he would would suck blood from fighters' wounds at boxing matches. (I know - I find this one hard to believe too, but here we are...)
Billy The Kid made his first kill when he was 11 years old, when a town drunkard named Johnstone jumped out of a saloon and lewdly ripped the dress of his mother while she and Billy were walking along the sidewalk. Billy later stabbed Johnstone several times in the back in revenge.
When American writer Joel Chandler Harris (1848-1908) was asked how he was feeling on his death bed, he uttered the immortal line, 'I am about the extent of a tenth of a gnat's eyebrow better.' He died shortly afterwards. (Weird Wills And Eccentric Last Wishes)
A patient in a Florida hospital had such an overwhelming desire to smoke that he lit up a cigarette while he was in an oxygen tent. The resulting instantaneous explosion and fire killed him, and finally persuaded the hospital to stop selling cigarettes.
In 1992, an L.A. County parking control officer wrote a ticket for an illegally parked car. The cop failed to notice that the driver of the car was stiff, discolored, and had been dead for some time. (At least he didn't pull the driver out of his car and beat him....)
Hrand Arakelian, a Brink's armored car guard in California, was crushed to death by coins in 1986. He was guarding the back of the truck. The driver braked suddenly and the load of boxed coins fell on him. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
The most indicative characteristic of drowning is the white foam which forms as a result of the mucus in the body mixing with water. The presence of this white lathery foam in the mouth and windpipe prevents air from entering and contributes to the asphyxia.
After years of suffering with drink and depression, Nobel and Pulitzer prize winner Ernest Hemingway ended his life at age 59 by shooting himself in the head with one of his hunting guns. It was the same way Hemingways father committed suicide when Ernest was a young man.
The rebuilding of Winchester Cathedral was halted due to most of the workmen being killed during the Great Plague. A temporary facade was placed over the front, where an elaborate face had been planned. It is still there and is admired as fine 14th century architecture!
When Mrs. Van Butchell died in 1775, her husband found an innovative way around the stipulations of her will, which stated that he could control her money only while she remained above the ground. He got a doctor to 'preserve' her and he kept her and her money above ground for years and years.
On December 7, 1987, David Burke, a fired airline employee, followed his ex-boss onboard a Pacific Southwest Airline jet with his mind set on revenge. He shot the man in mid-flight and caused the plane to crash, killing all forty-three people onboard including himself.
Rajiv Gandhi, prime minister of India, was killed in 1991 when he was blown to pieces by a suicide bomber of the Tamil Tiger separatist movement, when a young woman detonated dynamite strapped to her body as she bowed before him. Ah, the perils of power...
The 'Elephant Man,' John Merrick, was unable to sleep on his back due to his deformities because it might cut off his air supply. However, he always wanted to sleep 'like normal people do'. One night he decided to try it, despite the warnings. He did not survive the night.
Convicted murderess Frances Creighton was paralysed with fear for three days prior to her execution in March of 1936. In fact, she had to be wheeled to the death house and was unconscious when the executioner pulled the switch. Talk about going out with a whimper...
Orange County Register, California May 27th,1997: Three men robbed a store in Santa Ana and, on leaving, fired shots into the air. As they spotted an approaching Police car, one robber tried to thrust his gun into his waist band, shooting himself in the genitals. He was quickly apprehended.
For hundreds of years, Parisians were buried in the Cemetery of the Innocents. By 1900, there were two million bodies in a 2-acre plot. When a mudslide broke through a building next door, it was considered an appropriate time to open a new cemetery and, thus, Pere Lachaise was born.
An artist in New York jumped from the 86th floor of the Empire State Building in an attempt to kill himself. A 50-mile-an-hour wind blew him onto a ledge one story below. After lying stunned for half an hour, he opened a window and entered an office.
A violent earthquake shattered the city of Kuchan in the region of Western Turkmenia on November 17, 1893. Virtually no buildings were left intact. According to local reports, at least 18,000 people died, including all 11 wives of the ruler, Il'khan.
Maggots can be used to trace chemical causes of death in corpses if the corpse is too decayed to take a blood or stomach sample. Many different chemicals including cocaine, heroin, and different anti-depressants have been identified as the cause of death through analysis of maggots on the body.
The Mexican revolutionary general Rodolfo Fierro met a tragic end in 1917 while he was marching toward Sonora with Pancho Villa's troops and he decided to take a shortcut. Unfortunately, his horse became entrapped in quicksand, and Fierro was so loaded down with gold that he sank to his death.
A 30-year-old motorcyclist was crushed to death near Phoenix in December after an apparent road-rage incident in which he sped up quickly to overtake a pickup truck, swerved in front of it, and then deliberately slammed on the brakes. (The Richmond Times-Dispatch, donated by Tuirsekayt)
In 1757, an idiot (in the medical sense of the term) called Robert Francois Damiens made a half-hearted attempt to murder Louis XV of France with a blunt knife, and was horribly executed, torn into four quarters while still alive by four horses. (The Mammoth Book Of True Crime)
I present the following fact as a warning to all football fans on this opening day of the season: San Francisco 49er fan George North was celebrating a victory by riding a rolling trash bin down a stadium ramp when the bin flipped over a cement wall and North fell 42 feet to his death.
In March, 1998, three men, who for almost a year had been tunneling into a mountain, allegedly for the purpose of finding and stealing from an ancient Han Dynasty tomb in Shandong province, China, were killed by the tomb's noxious fumes. (News Of The Weird)
In 1985, James A. Cooley, a cancer patient, was found dead in his home. Cause of death: 32 blows to the head with a claw hammer. Hobart, Indiana, police classified the death as suicide. They noted that Cooley had been despondent because of his illness. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Freya Harris)
During the Black Death, people thought that cats and dogs were the carriers of the plague and they killed them by the thousands accordingly. Of course, this only served to increase the population of the REAL culprits of doom: flea-ridden rats. Irony, huh?
An anarchist bomb exploded in Paris is 1893, resulting in the loss of an eye for writer Laurent Tailhade. He had made headlines some time before when asked his opinion of an earlier explosion; he had replied grandly, 'What do the victims matter if it's a fine gesture?' Now he knew...
Christopher Houck was struck and killed as he chased his runaway cowboy hat in heavy traffic on Texas Highway 225. Must have been his finest hat...
In Dallas, after becoming enraged at Dole's nomination on August 14, Ernest Comegys, 70, went to his bedroom, grabbed a handgun, fired several shots at his cousin and stepdaughter, and then shot himself to death. (News Of The Weird, donated by Shala)
A man in Savannah, Georgia, killed his daughter with an axe after her phone bill from calling psychic hotlines hit $20,000. He cut her up with a chainsaw and paid someone to bury the parts and repaint the bathroom where he'd killed her. The man turned him in.
In Queens, New York, three men were driving around in a BMW when they pulled into a transmission shop and asked the mechanic there to fix their wheels. When the mechanic replied, 'We're a transmission shop - we don't do wheels' one of the three pulled out a gun and shot him to death.
Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, the first man to orbit the earth in 1961, died when his jet fighter crashed in 1968. Years later, Soviet officials denied rumors that the true facts of his death had been covered up and that he had died while doing unauthorised stunts after a drunken lunch. (Bizarre)
As he and his wife were leaving the LAX (Los Angeles) airport, country music star Randy Travis was forced to vault into the front seat and turn off the ignition of his out-of-control limousine when his driver dropped dead of a heart attack at the wheel. (Bizarre)
In just a week in August, 1914 during the first World War, the French army lost 40,000 men. Some 20,000 British soldiers died on the first day of the Battle of the Somme on July 1, 1916. Those were the bloodiest weeks in the history of France and Britain.(The Associated Press)
A serious avalanche occurred in Leukerbad, Switzerland on January 17, 1718. Over 50 structures were destroyed and 55 people were killed. The body of the final victim, a young girl, was not found until the snows melted weeks later - still in her bed, yards away from her house in a meadow.
Ivan McGuire, an experienced parachutist, was videotaping parachuting students in 1988. He jumped from the plane to film the students on the way down, and realized that he had forgotten his own parachute. His video records his last words: 'Uh-oh'. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
British politician Henry John Temple, the third Viscount Palmerston (1784-1865) was either mistakenly optimistic or irrepressibly witty till the last. His last words were, 'Die, my dear doctor! That's the last thing I shall do.' (Weird Wills And Eccentric Last Wishes)
English historian Thomas May (1595-1650) suffered from a weight problem all his life. As he grew fatter and fatter, May found it expedient to tie up his drooping chins with strips of cloth. This arrangement finished him off one day when he swallowed too much and choked to death.
Horace Greeley, the man who said 'Go west, young man,' founded the New York Herald Tribune in 1831 and edited it for 30 years. On his deathbed, Greeley was visited by tribune editor Whitelaw Reid. His final words were, 'You stole my paper, you son-of-a-bitch!'
An entire soccer team was killed by lightning during a match in the Democratic Republic of Congo, while the home team escaped untouched. The 11 dead were aged between 20 and 35 and 30 other people received burns at the match at Basanga, in eastern Kasai province. (Bizarre)
A 20-year-old man was killed in Melbourne, Australia, in January when the brick wall of a garage collapsed; the wall had a basketball backboard attached, and the man had held onto the rim after a slam-dunk, bringing the backboard and the wall down on top of him.
On February 12, 1898, Henry Lindfield became the first automobile fatality when he lost control of his Imperial electric carriage on the road from London to Brighton. He survived the impact, only to die from shock following the amputation of his crushed leg. (The People's Almanac #2)
A train coming out of Naples at the end of World War II became stuck on icy tracks inside of a tunnel and sat burning coal for hours. 521 people died of carbon monoxide poisoning. The only survivor was a man inside the caboose, which happened to hang just outside the tunnel.
In April, engineer Suhrid Ganguly, 22, hanged himself in Calcutta, India, after becoming despondent at attempts to have his telephone fixed without paying a bribe. Wrote Ganguly in his suicide note, '[T]here is no other way to change the system and get an honest right to live.' (News Of The Weird).
According to contemporary records, an earthquake in China on January 23, 1556 killed 830,000 people in 212 districts. There is no way to know if this figure is correct, but since the Chinese were excellent record keepers, this may well be the greatest natural disaster ever.
On January 13, 1864, Stephen Foster, composer of such popular songs as 'Oh, Susanna,' 'My Old Kentucky Home' and 'Jeanie With the Light Brown Hair', died at 38 in the charity ward of a hospital in New York City with 38 cents - his life's savings - in his pocket. (The People's Almanac #2)
25-Year-old Francoise Dorleac was approaching stardom when her career and life were cut short before they could really begin. Near Nice, France, on June 26, 1967, her car skidded on wet pavement, crashed into a concrete road sign, and went up in flames.
Maria Barberi, aged 23, murdered her lover in April of 1895 when he laughed aside her hopes for marriage. She had confronted her lover, Domenico Cataldo, at a card game in a bar and asked him if they would get married. 'Only pigs marry,' was his reply - a fatal mistake. She walked up behind him and slashed his throat.
Before he died in his sleep from prostate cancer on May 31, 1996, at age 75, Timothy Leary set up a Web site that allowed browsers to follow his declining health day-to-day and find out how much cocaine, ketamine and nitrous oxide he took to combat his disease.
Parent of the Year Nominee: In May, a 7-year-old girl was murdered in a restroom stall at a Primm, Nev., casino at 4 a.m. while her father, Leroy Iverson, gambled; security guards had already asked him twice to take custody of the girl, who had been roaming the casino for hours.
Zip the Pinhead was billed as an exotic humanoid from the deepest jungles of Africa - 'the last survivor of a dying race'. In actuality, it was claimed that he was a gentleman from Harlem with an oddly shaped head. His last words seemed to confirm this: 'Well, we fooled 'em a long time, didn't we?'
Many of those firefighters who battled the fire that resulted from the explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant died. Fire fighters who had been on the roof of the neighboring Reactor number 3 suffered later from acute radiation sickness, but most survived.
Richard Rouse was a royal cook in Olde England. After the Bishop of Rochester came down ill after eating one of his meals, he was boiled to death in the town square. Good old king Henry VIII devised this punishment. Ah, the hazards of serving fickle kings...
In 1866, Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, 33, after seeing his brother killed in an industrial accident at the family explosives plant near Stockholm, stabilized nitroglycerin by soaking it in an earthlike absorbent material. He called his product dynamite. (The People's Almanac #2)
Frank Nelson, 26, died almost instantly on September 22, 1997 when he fell into a vat mixing polymers at a Nalley Valley plastics factory near Tacoma, Washington. He was pouring colouring into the cylindrical 3ft x 5ft vat when he fell in and was sliced by revolving blades. (Strange Deaths)
Yuri Popov, an officer in Russia's intelligence service, the GRU, in the late 1950's was discovered to be a double agent. His punishment: he was tossed alive into a furnace in front of his GRU co-workers. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Inn Siang Ooi, a Miami University student on a field trip in the Costa Rican jungle in August 1986, was stung to death by a swarm of killer bees. In a ferocious attack, which eyewitness colleagues compared to a scene from a horror movie, he suffered forty-six stings per square inch of his body.
The ninth President of the United States, William Henry Harrison, became the first president to die in office. He caught pneumonia during his inaugural celebration when he spoke for 3 hours in the rain and died 32 days later. (The History Channel Daily Calendar, special thanks to Chardon).
Ona Munson's most memorable role was as Belle Watling in 'Gone With The Wind'. However, her career never took off. At 49 she OD'd on sleeping pills. In her suicide note she wrote, 'This is the only way I know to be free again... Please don't follow me.'
Tina Christopherson, a 29-year-old Florida woman, died in 1977 by consuming so much water that her kidneys were overwhelmed. She had been in the habit of periodic fasts to cleanse her body, drinking up to four gallons of water per day. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Parent of the Year Nominee, #2: In June, authorities in Cincinnati, Ohio, removed three toddlers from the feces-strewn bedroom they were locked into for up to 12 hours a day; their mother, Sandra Hacker, allegedly did not want them disturbing her while she was on the Internet.
In 1951 Bill Barilko scored the Stanley Cup winning goal in overtime. That same summer he died in a plane crash. The Leafs did not win another Stanley Cup until his body was discovered in 1962. (The Toronto Maple Leafs Ticket Office, donated by Cedric).
One of the most imaginative and brutal techniques for committing suicide was performed by a man who wedged a large knife into an old radiator inside a church, then charged the knife repeatedly, butting the point with his head, until at last the blade pierced his skull and he died. What a way to go! (Dead Men Do Tell Tales)
A Louisville, KY man left his 5-month-old daughter in his car for eight hours on a sweltering July day. He apparently had forgotten that he had the child in the backseat and was supposed to drop her off at daycare on his way to the office. When he returned to his car after work, he found his daughter, dead from the heat.
Albert Fish was an innocuous-looking house painter in New York City who killed and ate at least 15 children. The last victim was a 10-year-old girl. After murdering her, he cooked her as a stew - with onions and carrots - and took nine days to consume her. Fish was arrested in 1934, tried, found guilty, an executed.
When Glenn R. Williams started squabbling with his uncle over who should get the dark meat at their family's Thanksgiving dinner, the uncle blew him away with four shots from a 22-caliber rifle. (Now, now - what sort of example is that to set for the children?)
A baby died after being put in a tumble dryer by his three-year-old sister at their home in Teddington, England. The seven-week-old boy had woken up crying and his elder sister, believing he had a soiled diaper, put him in the dryer thinking she was being helpful. He was pronounced dead at the scene. (Bizarre, 8/99)
A Hong Kong widow who promised to keep her husband's body for a week, hoping for his resurrection, turned the corpse over to authorities after four days because she was unable to stand the smell. A feng shui master had advised her 72-year-old husband that he had a chance of coming back to life. (Bizarre Magazine)
When the French writer, Victor Hugo, died, Parisian prostitutes wore black scarves over their private parts in respectful tribute to one of their most illustrious clients. The Government even gave them a grant so they wouldn't suffer a loss of income if they knocked off work early to attend the funeral.
James Brown's wife Adrienne died on January 6, 1996 following major surgery. Although it was officially announced that she died of a heart attack, she allegedly had undergone major plastic surgery, including full-body liposuction, prior to her tragic end. It reminds me of an episode of The X-Files...
A 48-year-old woman from Mill Valley, California, survived a suicide plunge in her car off of a seaside cliff in Sonoma County. Witnesses said she was traveling 45 mph and fell 350 feet but emerged with only minor injuries, probably because she had neglected to unfasten her seatbelt before hitting the accelerator.
Edward Mordrake was a handsome, talented man who was born with another face on the back of his head. It was said to be a girl's. Although it couldn't eat or speak, the face's eyes moved; it could also laugh and cry. Edward begged to have his 'devil twin' removed but no doctor would attempt it. He committed suicide at the age of 23.
Lucius Aelius Aurelius Commodus (161-192), Roman emperor, collected all the dwarfs, cripples, and freaks he could find in the city of Rome and had them brought to the Coliseum, where they were ordered to fight each other to the death with meat cleavers. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Seventeen-year-old Joseph M., an aspiring race car driver, ended his racing career before it really got started. The high school senior suffered fatal head injuries when he leaned out of a school bus to talk to a girl on the ground. Joseph's head hit a telephone pole as the bus was pulling away from the curb.
In Providence, RI in 1921, while playing in the backyard, John B., 3, wrapped one end of a cord around the neck of a 3-year-old girl and the other around a grindstone axle. He then turned the handle until the little girl was throttled to death. He later explained his actions to the police in a childish lisp: 'I don't like her anymore.' (Murder Can Be Fun #17)
Parent of the Year Nominee, #3: In Chicago in May, Dianna Meeks, 25, was charged with manslaughter for ignoring a doctor's order to take her 2-month-old, severely malnourished son straight to a hospital; instead, Meeks went shopping and then had a manicure at the Sunny Nails shop, where the boy died.
Douglas and Dana Ridenour dreaded the idea of getting old, so they decided to treat themselves to a $50,000 spending spree and then commit suicide. They made a videotape of their plan and sent it to Mr. Ridenour's brother, who received it two days after Mr. Ridenour shot his wife, his dogs, and then himself.
During a firing squad execution, five gunmen stand just 20 feet away the condemned. Only four of the guns get real bullets; the fifth is a blank. Due to this, none of the executioners are certain that they were responsible for the death. I guess this makes them feel better about it. Talk about rationalization!
The worst accident in the history of the London Underground occurred on February 28, 1975. For some reason (perhaps a seizure?), driver Leslie Newson drove his train into a buffer and wall at 40 mph. Rescuers worked to recover bodies for the next four days. There were 42 fatalities and 82 injuries in this accident.
After Gen. Custer was shot dead at Little Bighorn, every Indian wished to claim credit for the killing of the hated 'Pahuska' - the long-haired one. They searched among the slaughtered men for his body but no one recognized him. Custer had cut his hair short before setting out to wipe out the Sioux.
A policeman committed suicide in the middle of a Cure gig in Prague on April 12. The 24-year-old was found dead in the toilet of the Prague Sports Hall. He had shot himself, but no letter or suicide note was found near the body. A member of the audience described the mood of the concert as 'gloomy'. (Bizarre Magazine)
All that scout spirit can be bad for you, as Aaron J. Archibald found out. While roasting marshmallows round a camp fire with his friends, one of them jerked his toasting fork. The metal prong flew out and speared Aaron through the temple. The 15-year-old was DOA at Methodist Hospital, Indianapolis. (Bizarre magazine)
The last words of convicted murderer Johnny Frank Garrett, who was executed via lethal injection on February 11, 1986, were especially touching, befitting a man of his high sensitivity and social grace: 'I'd like to thank my family for loving me and taking care of me. And the rest of the world can kiss my ass.'
While on his way to a film location in 1919, actor Wallace Reid was involved in a train crash in which he suffered serious head injuries. Treatment for this included morphine, to which he became addicted. The abuse of this drug, combined with drink, got him committed to a sanitarium, where he died of his addiction.
The infamous Jeffrey Dahmer killed 17 young men and cannibalized some of his victims. On November 28, 1994, he was beaten to death with a broomstick at the Columbia Correctional Institute. During the autopsy, his body was shackled at the feet. 'Such was the fear of this man,' revealed pathologist Robert Huntington.
Billy The Kid was shot to death in December of 1880 by Pat Garrett. Using a weapon that had once belonged to 'Wild Bill' Hickok, Garrett fired twice. The first bullet removed Billy's buck teeth and took out three vertebrae from his neck; the second struck him in the chest, smashing through his heart.
New Orleans, with its bustling port, became a notorious haven for vice in the early 1800's - especially a section called 'The Swamp'. From 1820 to 1850, at least 800 murders were committed in this area of half a dozen blocks - in part because the authorities were afraid to go there! (The Big Book Of Vice)
Andrei Maslich, a death row inmate in Siberia, strangled his cellmate after an argument. He then cut out the victim's liver and attempted to boil it in a metal mug on a makeshift fire. Allegedly, he did this in an attempt to be declared insane, so he would be sent to a psychiatric hospital and not be executed.
Jean Francois Pilatre de Rozier was a scientist and pioneer balloonist. In 1785, he tried to cross the English Channel in a unique double balloon - the upper filled with hydrogen, the lower with hot air. The fire heating the air bag ignited the hydrogen, dropping him to his death. (The Big Book Of Bad)
Brian Epstein, the man who discovered the Beatles and managed them to superstardom, feared one thing: loneliness. He was alone when he was found dead from a lethal combination of barbituates and alcohol at age 32. As much as the Beatles loved him, not one of the Fab Four found the time to attend Epstein's funeral.
In 1873, the steamship Atlantic, an earlier member of the White Star Line that later included the equally ill-fated Titanic, ran aground on rocks near Halifax, Nova Scotia. No fewer than 546 people, many of them children, died in this horrific occurrence which, at the time, was the worst marine accident on record.
Darwin Award recipient Ken Charles Barger, 47, accidentally shot himself to death in December, 1992 in Newton, N. C., when, awakening to the sound of a ringing telephone beside his bed, he reached for the phone but grabbed instead a Smith & Wesson .38 Special, which discharged when he drew it to his ear.
Multi-talented singer Donny Hathaway hit the top of the charts in duets such as The Closer I Get to You and Where is the Love with his former classmate Roberta Flack. By the mid-1970s, though, his career had slumped because of personal problems. On January 13, 1979, Hathaway jumped 15 stories to his death.
In January, 1998, devastating El Nino rains (the second worst in history) struck Peru, causing deadly mudslides and flooding. Even the dead were displaced: flooding from a ruptured earthen dam destroyed a cemetery, floating caskets and skeletons through the streets of Mampuesto. (National Geographic)
A terrible mining disaster occurred in Monongah, West Virginia, in 1907. A loaded mine train got out of control, ran down a gradient and broke power lines, creating sparks which started a fire. There was a powerful explosion and 360 men died, either from the explosion, fire, suffocation or being crushed by falling debris.
It was opening night of The Makroulos Case at the Metropolitan Opera House. Playing a law office clerk, tenor Richard Versalle, 63, was belting out a song when he suffered a fatal heart attack. He fell 3 meters from the ladder on which he sang, landing flat on his back after singing the line 'You can live only so long'.
On May 31, 1915 London suffered its first air raid. A Zeppelin LZ-38 dropped nearly 100 incendiary bombs totaling 3,000 lb. on the northeast sector of the city. Seven people were killed. The zeppelin attacks continued, but the airships proved too cumbersome to pose any real threat to Britain. (The People's Almanac #2)
After James Dean's fatal car crash, his smashed Porsche was exhibited privately around Los Angeles as a warning of reckless driving. Fans were charged 25 cents to view the death car, 50 cents to sit behind the wheel, and 50 cents to touch the bloodstained steering wheel. The car was later broken into small pieces which were sold as momentos.
The time of death of an individual can be determined by the stage of the insect development on the body. The first insects to arrive, soon after death, are the Diptera, in particular the blow flies or Calliphoridae and the flesh flies or Sarcophagidae. The females will lay their eggs around body orifices or any open wounds.
In September, a man was crushed to death on a stairway at the Sammis Real Estate and Insurance office in Huntington, N. Y., in the process of stealing the office's 600-pound safe; he apparently violated the cardinal rule of stairway-safe-hauling by standing on a step lower than the one the safe is on. (And, it turned out the safe was empty.)
Japanese troops invaded the Chinese capital city of Nanking 1937-38 and afflicted some of the greatest atrocities in history. Between December 1937 and March 1938 at least 369,366 Chinese civilians and prisoners of war were slaughtered and an estimated 80,000 women and girls were raped; many of them were then mutilated or murdered.
In the spring of 1978, a German laboratory technician was convicted of attempting to murder his wife by administering cancer cells to her. He had smuggled a cancer culture from the research laboratory in which he worked and mixed it into her food. Although she became ill, she did not die for the culture was not in itself dangerous in that form.
Engineer Suhrid Ganguly, 22, hanged himself in Calcutta, India, after becoming despondent trying to get his telephone fixed. He discovered it was impossible to get a phone engineer out without paying a bribe. Wrote Ganguly in his suicide note, '[T]here is no other way to change the system and get an honest right to live.' (Bizarre, 2/99)
Doctors during the Black Death in England wore a macabre mask which made them resemble a crow. The mask was actually a cone of leather, filled with herbs and garlic, which was believed to filter out the contagion. Of course, the plague was actually spread via flea bites so this helped the doctors little. Ah, the follies of the past...
Butterfly McQueen is best remembered for her portrayal of the half-wit Prissy in Gone with the Wind. On December 22, 1995, she was attempting to light a kerosene heater in her Atlanta home when a fire broke out. Neighbors dragged the badly-burned 84-year-old actress out of the house, but she died in a nearby hospital 10 hours later.
The Christian Church did not originally frown upon suicide. As long as martyrs were in demand, it was a perfectly acceptable manner of death. However, by the 6th century, the Donatist Sect figured they'd prefer to go to heaven sooner rather than later. The Church lost so many believers that Saint Augustine had to come out against suicide.
In February, Avi Kostner, 52, pleaded guilty in Newark, N. J., to the murders of his kids, aged 10 and 12, which he said he committed because he feared his ex-wife would not raise them as Jews. (In arguing successfully against the death penalty, Kostner's lawyer continually referred to Kostner in front of the jury as merely 'less than perfect.')
On June 29, 1955, the reign of King Haakon VII, who had ruled Norway from the time of its independence in 1905, effectively came to an end when the beloved monarch fell in the royal bathtub at his palace in Oslo. The elderly king lingered on for over two years before succumbing on Setpember 21, 1957, to complications resulting from his fall.
Condemned murderer Pedro Medina's black leather face mask burst into flames as he was electrocuted on March 25, 1997, prompting the state attorney general to warn killers to stay away from Florida 'because we may have a problem with the electric chair'. This is the second time an inmate's mask has burst into flame during a Florida execution.
In July, in Denver, Colo., a machine that packs explosive devices into car air-bag detonators blew up in the face of Nicolas Villarruel, 29, leaving one explosive lodged in his nose, sending him to the hospital. The device was removed by surgeons in lead-lined gowns and with Villarruel's head under water because the explosive is activated by air.
On October 31, 1968, actor Ramon Novarro was found on his bed, nude and bludgeoned to death. His wrists and ankles had been bound with electrical cord, and he had choked to death on his own blood. His killers were brothers Paul and Tom Ferguson, a pair of hustlers who thought Novarro had $5,000 hidden in his house. He didn't.
In June, a Scripps Howard News Service reporter examined Consumer Product Safety Commission records recently made public and found that 1,823 serious injuries caused by 'electronic air-fresheners' had been reported to the agency. Though the records were short on details, they included 50 cases of amputation, 46 burns, 48 scaldings, 68 poisonings, 56 'foreign-body' penetrations, and 69 'drownings.'
As the doomed oceanliner Titanic was sinking, the band bravely continued to play on the deck in an effort to calm the panicking passengers. They played as long as they physically could before falling prey to the cold sea. Rumor holds that the final song played was 'Nearer My God, To Thee'. None of the band members were rescued.
Peter Kurten - the 'Monster Of Dusseldorf' (see MFDJ 12/12/99) - couldn't wait to be executed. Aroused since childhood by the sight and sound of spurting blood, Kurten claimed he would die a happy man if he could hear the blood gushing from his own neck stump at the moment of beheading. (The A To Z Encyclopedia Of Serial Killers)
An unstable coal tip weakened by an underground spring slid down a hillside and buried a school in the Welsh mining village of Aberfan on October 21, 1966. The school was full of children at morning assembly and, despite massive rescue efforts, very few children were found alive. The final toll was 144 dead, 116 of them children.
In order to test how pilots who have to eject from their planes will fare, SS doctors in the Dachau concentration camp simulated high-altitude conditions in a chamber, and exposed people to these conditions. Many prisoners died during such experiments. In order for the simulation to be as real as possible, the prisoner is hung by parachute straps.
On September 13, 1899, Henry Bliss stepped off a trolley in New York City when he was hit and killed by a car. Bliss was the first known person on the continent to die after being struck by an automobile, with about 5 million Americans being killed by vehicles since. Quite the trendsetter, eh? (KRON TV, donated by Robert Philips)
William Shortis, of England, and his wife Emily Ann were found dead in 1903. They were walking up the stairs in their home when Emily, 204 pounds, fell backward on top of William. She died immediately, but he lived for three days, pinned under her body, before he also died. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
Reuters News Service reported in April that, increasingly, Chinese families along the border with North Korea are refusing to bury their recently-dead relatives until the bodies seriously decompose. The families fear that famine-plagued North Koreans who cross the border foraging for food will dig up fresh bodies and eat them.
Russia's most industrious cannibal, Nikolai Dzhurmongaliev is believed to have killed up to 100 women, and served many of them to his dinner guests. Nikolai used at least 47 of his victims to make ethnic dishes for his neighbors in the Russian republic of Kyargyzstan. When arrested Nikolai pointed out that two women could provide enough delicate meat to keep him going for a week.
A Yugoslavian professional basketball player named Jankovic was paralyzed from the waist down when, during a game in which he had failed to score and at the same time had reached his fifth foul, he attempted to relieve himself from the stress by hitting his head against the basket post. He thought it had sponge around it. He was wrong...
On July 13, 1793, French revolutionary writer Jean Paul Marat was stabbed to death in his bathtub by Charlotte Corday, as she gave him a list of names to be guillotined. The assassination inspired the famous painting by Jacques Louis David; Corday was executed four days after the slaying. (Rotten.Com, donated by Lizzie Borden)
April 3, 1955 -- 300 killed in a fatal train crash in Guadalajara, Mexico.
A beautiful case of poetic justice: A man hunting pheasants near Sacramento, California apparently shot a high-voltage power line that fell into standing water and electrocuted him Tuesday (11/24/98). He was missing until shortly after midnight Wednesday, when the voltage also killed a sheriff's search-and-rescue bloodhound. (The Sacramento Bee)
Mariella Santello, a survivor of the King's Cross fire (a fatal subway fire in England) in 1987, said, 'I turned around to see if Marco [her boyfriend who perished in the blaze] had followed me but I couldn't open my eyes, I tried to shout his name but couldn't even open my mouth.' The reason was that her face had literally melted. (Bizarre)
In Edgar Allan Poe's 1838 story, 'The Narrative Of Arthur Gordon Pym Of Nantucket,' three starving shipwreck survivors murder and consume their companion, named Richard Parker. In 1884, three real-life shipwrecked sailors were tried for the murder of the fourth sailor. His name was also Richard Parker and he was also eaten.
The Conquerer, a 1956 film directed by Dick Powell, was shot near an atomic testing site in Utah. Over the years most of its cast and crew- including Susan Hayward, Agnes Moorhead, John Wayne, John Hoyt, and Powell himself - died from various forms of cancer. Pedro Armendariz shot himself upon learning that he had The Big C.
A 24-year-old, unidentified woman was arrested in Waukesha, Wis., in April on suspicion of child abuse. Her son had complained of a nose infection, which she said was caused by acid from a wristwatch battery that he had put in his nose several months earlier but which she had declined to help him remove until the battery started leaking.
On October 8, 1871 fire broke out in the barn of Patrick and Catherine O'Leary at 137 De Koven Street, Chicago, and quickly spread throughout the city, which at that time consisted almost entirely of wooden structures. The holocaust claimed 300 lives, left 100,000 people homeless, and destroyed 17,500 buildings. (The People's Almanac #2)
During the filming of a Mountain Dew commercial on December 14, 1995, sky surfer Rob Harris' parachute failed to open and he plunged to his death. Despite rumours to the contrary, though the finished commercial contains some footage of Harris, none comes from his final jump.(The Urban Legends Reference Pages, donated by Pete23)
The number of executions per year in the United States is rising steadily. In the years from 1977 to 1982 there were 2 executions nationwide. Between 1985 and 1992 the number of people executed ranged between 11 and 31 per year, in 1993 and 1994 there were 38 and 31 people executed, respectively, and 56 people were executed in 1995.
A 21 year old male was killed when he was thrown from the bed of a pickup truck. The gentleman got out of the cab of the pickup truck and acted like he was 'surfing the waves' in the back. The driver took a turn and threw the surfer out of the bed, apparently unaware that he had been thrown out. The surfer was pronounced dead at the scene.
In 1904, a huge fire in Baltimore burned for thirty hours and destroyed 2,600 buildings in an eighty-block area of the city's business district. The fire was the worst thing to happen to an American city since the Chicago Fire of 1871. Two months later, a similar fire destroyed much of Toronto, Canada. (Dreamland: America At The Dawn Of The Twentieth Century)
On New Year's Eve, 1971, Peter Deuel, star of the Western series Alias Smith and Jones, was drinking heavily and fighting with his girlfriend, Diana Ray. She went to bed, and was awakened later in the night when he came in and said, 'I'll see you later'. Minutes later, a shot rang out. Ray found a nude Deuel beneath the Christmas tree, dead from a .38 caliber gunshot wound.
A hurricane with 120-mile-an-hour winds followed by a tidal wave swept over Galveston, Texas on September 8-9, 1900, and killed 5,000 people. Stereographic 'view' companies sent photographic crews to record the disaster and sell pictures of it to the public, making it one of the earliest well-documented disasters. (Dreamland: America At The Dawn Of The Twentieth Century)
The worst mining disaster in British history occurred on the morning of Tuesday October 14, 1913 when an explosion rocked the Senghenydd coal pit in South Wales. The mine became a deadly furnace fueled by natural gases, resulting in the deaths of 439 miners. The nearby community was devastated - one woman lost her husband, four sons, and three brothers in the disaster.
One particularly strange side show freak was 'Mortado' - the human pincushion. He found a doctor willing to bore holes into his hands and feet and he would place fake blood pellets into these holes and be crucified as the shocked public looked on. He also rigged a chair that would shoot water out of the holes in his hands and feet and he dubbed himself 'The Human Fountain'.
On May 4, 1961 Commander Malcolm Ross and Lt. Commander Victor Prather ascended to 113,740 feet in the Stato-Lab V, setting the all-time balloon altitude record. However, tragedy befell Prather when he fell from the hoist of a helicopter while being picked up from the Gulf of Mexico after the flight. He drowned when his pressure suit filled with water. (National Geographic)
Abting Bangat, a fifteen-year-old Filipino boy, was swallowed whole by a python he disturbed as he was exploring a mountain cave near his home in 1983. Other members of his tribe killed and sliced open the snake but the boy was already dead.
In April, a 43-year-old recreational snow-machiner was killed in an avalanche in Alaska's Hoodoo Mountains while 'highmarking,' or driving to hit ever-higher peaks on the slopes; earlier that day, he had been pulled, in shock, from another avalanche after highmarking and advised by rescuers to quit. (The Richmond Times-Dispatch, donated by Tuirsekayt)
Joseph N. Gilson, 20, in jail in Stevens Point, Wis., serving time on a variety of minor charges, had told fellow inmates he planned to hang himself until unconscious so that he would be sent to a mental health facility that would be easier to escape from. On April 2, he put his plan into effect and accidentally strangled himself. (News Of The Weird)
A man known for his few words, president Calvin Coolidge's entire will was only 23 words long: 'Not unmindful of my son, I give all of my estate, both real and personal, to my wife, Grace Coolidge, in fee simple.' He died in 1933 from a heart attack as he finished a jigsaw puzzle of George Washington. His estate was valued at $70,000. (Wills And Obituaries)
Portland, Oregon resident Troy Harding found out the hard way how dangerous a seemingly innocuous car antenna can be. He was turning away from his car when about 3-1/4' of the antenna from his 1984 Fiero poked its way up his nose, pierced his sinus, entered his brain, and hit his pituitary gland. He lost about a pint of blood but survived his ordeal with only a headache.
On August 6th, 1945, the city of Hiroshima was atom bombed. Thousands of survivors fled the city as individuals or with their families. Many were horribly wounded, but nonetheless, they tried to reach the homes of relatives in other cities. A number of these individuals and families survived the 3-day trek to Nagasaki, where they were atom bombed again. (KC)
Toby L. Sanders, 34, was charged with aggravated battery in Carmi, Ill., in January for chopping off the right middle finger of Lester E. Massey, 35. According to police, each man agreed to let the other chop off a finger, but apparently Sanders reneged after he saw how bad Massey's hand looked. (Police said alcohol was involved in the original agreement.)
Sadistic Roman emperor Tiberius was fond of devising particularly cruel and imaginative forms of torture. One of his most ingenious methods was to trick men into drinking huge quantities of wine, and then suddenly to knot a cord tightly around their genitals which not only cut into the flesh, but also prevented them from urinating. (The History Of Murder)
A world-wide influenza epidemic broke out in 1918 and resulted in the deaths of approximately 20 million people. This particular strain of influenza, which became known as the 'Spanish Flu,' named after its country of origin, attacked its victims indiscriminately and violently. There were reported cases of people dropping dead on the street and cars and ships crashing because the drivers were ill.
Lee Spark from Sheffield, a fit 23-year-old not on any kind of medication, went to bed complaining of a toothache and was found dead three days later by his brother. A post-mortem showed that his tooth decay led to the 'flesh-eating' necrotising fasciitis ('galloping gangrene') which spread to his neck and chest and killed him. (The Fortean Times, donated by James Nicholls)
In August, it took a recovery team two days finally to pull out the body of a 23-year-old tourist who slipped and fell over a scenic waterfall at Waterton National Park in Alberta, Canada. During the two days, visitors expecting to take in a remarkably beautiful site were forced to gaze also at the dead body lodged in the rocks at the bottom of the waterfall.
Two thieves tried to steal valuable copper wire from an electricity cable in eastern Kazakhstan. Unfortunately, they did it when it was switched on. The authorities had no one to prosecute, as both were killed by the transmission line's massive 10 kilovolt charge. One of the thieves did not need to be cremated. The cable conveniently left him as a pile of ashes.
During the filming of a Disney comedy, which at that time was called Gone Fishin, a boat stunt went tragically wrong. Supposed to fly over a clump of mangroves, the boat hit the jump ramp at the wrong angle, flipped, and careened into a group of stunt people. Janet Wilder, 29, was killed while holding the hand of her stuntman husband scott. Four other people were hurt.
One of the more ironic instances of famous last words occurred during the Civil War. Cocky General John Sedgwick was strolling along, seemingly oblivious to the enemy gunfire coming in hs direction. When a soldier suggested he take cover, the general replied, 'Nonsense! They could not hit an elephant at this dist...' and collapsed to his death, fatally struck.
A vapor detector is a probe-like instrument that can detect the presence of body gases formed as a result of decomposition. It can be used to locate a cadaver prior to any excavation. Its value is quite evident when several suspected areas must be checked. It can also be used under concrete (roadways, patios, floors) after a small hole is bored through the concrete.
Between 1876 and 1879, drought resulted in a famine that affected a total of 70 million people in Northern China. The populace turned to slavery, murder, and cannibalism: children were sold as food in marketplaces. Mass graves, known as '10,000-man holes' were created to house the carcasses. The tragedy took the lives of between 9.5 and 13 million people.
The greatest modern earthquake disaster occurred in the Tang-shan District of China on July 28, 1976. The main shock, which registered 8.3 on the Richter scale, lasted a full two minutes and caused the destruction of 650,000 of 680,000 buildings in the city of Tang-shan. Although exact figures are unavailable, estimates of fatalities range from 250,000 to 750,000 people.
Hoping no one would notice that their 76-year-old mother had died, her unemployed son and daughter kept her corpse at their home in Genoa, Italy, so they could continue to draw her pension. La Stampa newspaper reported the body was discovered two weeks later when another son visited the home the two shared with the woman, noticed a smell and called the police. (Wacky News)
In April, Mary Durante, the inheritor of a house in Newark, N. J., found 133 neatly stacked boxes upon her first visit to the attic, each with the remains of a cat wrapped in newspapers that dated back to 1945. She was startled by the discovery but said she knew the house once belonged to the late Newark Star-Ledger pet columnist, William H. Hendrix.
Alexander Godunov wasn't in as good shape as everyone thought he was. The Russian-born ballet star turned actor was a big drinker. When his business manager couldnt reach him for several days at his West Hollywood apartment, she called his nurse, who found the 45-year-old dead on his living room floor. He had collapsed from heart failure brought on by acute alcoholism.
Nikolai Dzhurmongaliev, Russia's most industrious cannibal, is believed to have killed 100 women and served them to his dinner guests. He butchered the women and used 47 of them to make ethnic dishes for his neighbors in the Russian republic of Kyargyzstan. When arrested Nikolai pointed out that two women could provide enough delicate meat to keep him going for a week.
On December 6, 1997 a huge military cargo jet crashed into a Siberian town minutes after taking off, flattening an apartment block that houses 108 people, damaging at least three other buildings nearby and setting fire to a residential area in one of Russia's worst air disasters. The disaster is estimated to have killed 62 people. (LA Times-Washington Post News Service)
Two amputated human feet have been found in an alley-way in the southeast Ohio town of Pomeroy. Police Chief Jeff Miller says the victim was white... but he doesn't know the age, sex or circumstances involved. Miller says there was no blood at the scene... leading him to think the feet had not been severed recently. The Franklin County coroner's office is examining them.
A Melbourne, Australia man was playing basketball with his brother and 16-year-old cousin, using a hoop affixed to his garage. After slam-dunking the ball, he hung on the rim for a triumphant moment. The bricks gave way and the wall collapsed on the 20-year-old man, fatally crushing him. His name was withheld by authorities, at the request of his family. (The Darwin Awards)
When George Del Vecchio, who was convicted of fatally slashing a 6-year-old boy and raping the boy's mother, was set to be executed via lethal injection in November, 1995 he argued that he was 'too sick to be executed' due to a recent mild heart attack. Unsurprisingly, this plea was rejected by the state Supreme Court and he was put to death on schedule.
In February, anesthesiologist Frank Ruhl Peterson, 45, was sentenced in Hazelton, Pa., to 10-23 months in prison for severely diluting the narcotics for 12 surgery patients, thus exposing them to virtually anesthesia-free operations. According to police, Peterson stole the drugs to feed his own habit and said he actually shorted more than 200 patients.
Shortly before he was shot, Abraham Lincoln had a dream. He told this dream to several members of his cabinet, as well as his wife, Mary. In his dream, Lincoln saw a soldier standing by a casket. He heard people weeping. 'Who is dead in the White House?' Lincoln asked a soldier. 'The President,' he was told. In fact, Lincoln's dream was a prophecy and a warning.
In January, a 16-year-old driver and his 20-year-old passenger smashed their car at a high rate of speed through the glass doors of their high school gym in Doylestown, Pa., and into a concrete wall, in what the driver said was a suicide attempt brought on by depression. However, both were wearing seat belts and were not seriously hurt. (News Of The Weird)
It normally takes three years to learn how to swallow a sword: Tim Ekelman tired it in one evening, with the help of too much beer. The meter-long blade sliced his throat, damaged his voice box and collapsed one of his lungs. 'It was an incredibly stupid thing to do. I mean, I love him with all my heart, but what a jerk,' commented his long-suffering girlfriend. (Bizarre magazine, July 1998)
Dishwashing can be dangerous: In March, a busboy at a Key West, Fla., Marriott resort allegedly shot and killed a supervisor who had apparently made some constructive criticism of the busboy's loading of the dishwasher. And in May, police in Helena, Ark., detained a 15- year-old boy they suspect shot his older sister to death after a dispute over which one would wash the dishes.
Mark Maples has the distinction of being the first person killed at the Happiest Place on Earth (aka Disneyland). In May, 1964, Maples, a 15-year-old Long Beach resident, took off his protective harness and attempted to stand on the Matterhorn Bobsleds. He lost his balance and was thrown to the track below, fracturing his skull and causing internal injuries. He died three days later.
An Egyptian doctor got the shock of his life when he opened a refrigerated compartment in a morgue and found his hand grabbed by its occupant. Ahmed el-Sayed Ali, 29, of Minya, had been taken to the morgue five hours earlier, after he collapsed while swimming and was presumed drowned. Ali was too cold to speak, but made his situation clear by grabbing the doctor's hand. (Bizarre Magazine)
Six years ago, Brian T. Stewart deliberately injected his 11-month-old son with AIDS-tainted blood to avoid child payments. He allegedly told the boy's mother not to worry about trying to collect child support because the boy would not live that long. The boy suffered a long series of serious illnesses and was near death at one time. The boy, now 7, was diagnosed with full-blown AIDS in 1996.
In 1882, George Henry Lamson poisoned his nephew (a cripple away at boarding school) by injecting a raisin with aconitine, inserting it in a slice of cake, and giving it to the boy under the eye of the headmaster. Sentenced to die on April 2, his execution was postponed on receipt of a cable from U.S. president Chester A. Arthur, but the execution was carried out 26 days later.
It is believed that the space shuttle Challenger astronauts did not die immediately in the tragic explosion, as was originally believed and hoped (for their sake), but were, in fact, alive and conscious during the duration of their 2 minute and 45 second freefall from 65,000 feet in the sky to Davy Jones' locker.
Russians take their ice fishing very seriously. So seriously, in fact, that more than 100 Russians a year die while ice fishing. Last year, when 75 anglers near St. Petersburg were swept away on a platform of ice and were rescued nine hours later by helicopter, fights broke out over which ones got to be the last ones aboard so that they could remain fishing even longer. (News Of The Weird)
One of the more savage methods of capital punishment, utilized primarily in tropical regions, was to bury the victim up to his neck in the ground and leave him to the mercies of the sun and thirst. An even more wicked twist to this punishment was to build a small shelter of straw above the head - to keep out the sun - and to smear sweet material on the hair to attract ants and other insects
As late as the Victorian era in England, hanging, drawing and quartering was still an accepted method of capital punishment for treason. In this form of punishment, a fire was lit as the man was hanging, and while still barely alive he was cut down, his head severed with a cleaver, disembowelled, and the head and entrails cast into the fire. Paints a pretty picture, don't it?
The expression 'mad as a hatter' is common; a character called the Mad Hatter appears in Lewis Carroll's Alice In Wonderland. Like so many similar phrases, there is some basis in fact. In the 19th century, a compound of mercury was used in millinery and there were well reported cases of hat workers exhibiting symptoms of mercury poisoning (convulsions, impaired speech, mental disorders).
Jumbo, 'the largest elephant in the world' and one of P.T. Barnum's main attractions, was killed when he was struck by a train while loading up to travel to the next city. It was said that Jumbo turned back onto the track in order to push his little dwarf elephant friend, Tom Thumb, safely off the tracks. He saved his little friend but he sacrificed himself. (Isn't that a sad but sweet story?)
A woman in Brooklyn who lived with her five grown children became ill with a brain tumor. Being a religious woman, she stopped taking her medication and told her children that God would make her well. Her kids kept taking care of her, washing her and changing her clothes, and waiting for God to make her well for about a year and a half after she died. It's a strange world we live in, isn't it?
In 1763, British Captain Simon Ecuyer, serving in the American Colonies in defense of Fort Pitt, ordered blankets to be distributed to the hostile Indians who were attacking the fort. The blankets were infested with the small pox virus and mercilessly wiped out the enemy. [And you thought germ warfare was a 20th century idea! - FEH] (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
A trocar is a long, tube-like instrument that is inserted through the abdominal wall to vacuum up the contents of various internal organs during the embalming process. The food in the stomach, the blood in the heart, the mess in the intestines, the sperm in the testicles - it all goes down the drain. The pumps are then reversed and embalming fluid is sent back into the cavities.
Bruce Barron, a 47-year-old lawyer, killed himself by carbon monoxide poisoning in his garage in 1996. He had just learned that his bank was foreclosing on his home in Derry because the IRS had placed a lien on it. In a suicide note, he blamed the IRS and the bank, saying they are 'bigger than me. One sits, does nothing, and watches you die. One needs to clear its books.' (Dead Lawyers)
An early instance of premature burial is Johannes Duns Scotus, grammarian and metaphysician, who 'died' in Cologne around 1308 and whose body was placed in a vault. Some time later, when the vault was reopened, he was found outside the coffin, having torn his hands in a futile attempt to prise open the doors of his subterranean prison. (Death: A History Of Man's Obsessions And Fears)
On the morning of July 15, 1974, Chris Hubbock, a news-anchor at Florida TV station WXLT-TV, announced, 'In keeping with Channel 40's policy of bringing you the latest in blood and guts, and in living color, you are going to see another first: attempted suicide,' and fired a pistol at her head. The show went out live. Hubbock died 14 hours later. (Bizarre Magazine, August 1998 )
The wealthy and cultivated Baron de Retz, marshal of France, was Joan of Arc's chief supporter. Disillusioned after her execution in 1431, he murdered well over 100 boys, mostly refugees and orphans. He would mutilate and sexually abuse them as he observed their death throes. The baron was burned at the stake in 1440, after a sensational confession and repentance. (The People's Almanac #2).
Margaret Ray, 46, the woman who stalked David Letterman, committed suicide by kneeling in front of an oncoming train on October 5, 1998 in Delta County, Colorado. Since stealing Letterman's Porsche in 1988, Ray had been arrested numerous times for stalking the talk-show host. 'This is a sad ending to a confused life,' said Letterman in a statement. (Entertainment Weekly, 10/16/98)
In March, a 24-year-old man was struck and killed in the fast lane of I-80 in Vallejo, California, when he ran across the highway to retrieve a baseball cap that had blown off his head. Two weeks earlier, a 20-year-old Guatemalan sailor, riding on a crewboat on the Mississippi River near New Orleans, drowned after jumping into treacherous waters to retrieve his baseball cap. (News Of The Weird)
In another case of Evolution In Action, Garry H., a 39-year-old lawyer, crashed through his office window and plunged 24 floors to his death while demonstrating the tensile strength of the skyscraper's windows during an office party. As he had done on several other occasions, Garry ran shoulder-first at the sealed window from across the room. Garry specialized in Securities.
In 1624 Richard Cornish became the first man to be convicted of a homosexual offense in America. Despite extremely flimsy evidence, he was hanged for forcing a young man into 'unnatural sexual relations'. Two men were later pilloried and had their ears sliced off for protesting that Cornish 'was put to death through a scurvie boys meanes & no other came against him.' (The People's Almanac #2)
Dr. Grey Walter has cited a case of a man who, whenever he went to the cinema, had to fight off a strong impulse to strangle the person sitting next to him. On one occasion, he 'came to' with his hands around his neighbour's throat. It was discovered that these seizures - epileptic in nature - were caused by the rate of flicker of the film. Remember that the next time you go to the movies...
On April 12, 1814, after surrendering for the first time but before being shipped off to Elba, Napoleon attempted suicide by swallowing a vial of poison which he had been carrying with him for some time. Instead of killing him, however, the weakened toxin merely gave him the hiccups. He hiccuped so violently that he vomited before the poison had had a chance to do any real harm. (The People's Almanac #2)
In 1997, a team of young U.S. Army scientists reported in the journal Science that it had been able to identify a significant portion of the deadly 1918 flu virus's genetic structure. They found the genetic material in the preserved lung tissue of a 25-year-old soldier who had died at Fort Jackson, S.C., in September 1918, just weeks before he was to sail to France. (Rolling Stone, 1/22/98)
In April, Ms. Gabriella Villa was finally discovered, dead of natural causes, in Monza, Italy, approximately seven years after she died at age 47. She had passed away in her home, but neighbors and her estranged husband had assumed that she had simply moved to another town. (Seven years appears to be a new record for an undetected death in the home.) (News Of The Weird, donated by Shala)
On August 24 and 25, 1875, Capt. Matthew Webb, 27, swam the English Channel from Dover to Calais, the first human to do so without a life jacket. For 22 hours the hero of Shropshire breaststroked the high seas. Although Webb lived to tell about it, he was not so lucky on another occasion eight years later. He drowned trying to swim the Niagara River below the falls. (The People's Almanac #2)
A case of rather harsh, yet poetic, justice: Robert Puelo, 32, was apparently being disorderly in a St. Louis market. When the clerk threatened to call police, Puelo grabbed a hot dog, shoved it in his mouth, and walked out without paying for it. Police found him unconscious in front of the store: paramedics removed the six-inch wiener from his throat, where it had choked him to death.
Film producer Don Simpson died January 19, 1996 at 52 from an overdose of 21 drugs. So extensive was his drug use that he stocked his bedroom closet with over 15,000 sedatives, amphetamines, tranquilizers, antipsychotics, narcotics and other drugs - and arranged them all in alphabetical order. He was able to stockpile so many drugs through a network of 15 doctors and multiple pharmacies.
Chicago sex killer William Heirens, a brilliant 18-year-old student, blamed his murderous tendencies on another part of his personality which he called 'George'. When he murdered Francis Brown in 1945, 'George' scrawled in lipstick on the wall, 'For God's sake catch me before I kill more. I cannot control myself.' Eventually, he was caught and sentenced to three consecutive life terms.
On May 11, 1985 a fire broke out beneath a wooden grandstand at a Bradford City FC match in England. A pile of trash that had accumulated under the stage was believed to have been sparked by a dropped cigarette. Fire raced through the stands with frightening speed, leaving most fans unable to escape. The final death toll was 56, including some children, and over 200 were injured.
On Tuesday, December 13, 1977 a plane taking off from Evansville Regional Airport in Evansville, Indiana crashed upon take-off. Killed on board was the ENTIRE Purple Aces mens basketball team from the University of Evansville, minus one player (who ironically was killed in a car accident just days later). It became known as 'The Night It Rained Tears' and a memorial was built on the campus to remember them by.
A man accidentally shot himself while explaining gun safety to his wife. Robert Shovestall, 37, thought the .45-caliber pistol was unloaded when he placed it under his chin and pulled the trigger. Shovestall's wife was complaining about her husband's guns (he had over 100 in the house). She had found the weapon laying on the bedroom floor. When he tried proving to her they were safe, he shot himself.
Marie Antoinette was guillotined on October 16, 1793 at the age of 38. Dressed in a thin, white negligee, a cap over her shorn head, she was taken to the scaffold riding backwards in a common cart, her hands tied behind (Louis XVI had ridden to his execution in a coach). On reaching the platform, she stepped on the executioner's foot. Her last words were 'Pardon, sir. I did not do it on purpose.' (The People's Almanac)
In the 19th century, craftsmen who made hats were known to be excitable and irrational, as well as to tremble with palsy and mix up their words. Such behavior gave rise to the familiar expression 'mad as a hatter'. The disorder, called hatter's shakes, was caused by chronic mercury poisoning from the solution used to treat the felt. Attacking the central nervous system, the toxin led to behavioral symptoms.
Sculptor Anthony-Noel Kelly, who works in the medium of corpses and severed body parts, was arrested in London in April on suspicion of illegal possession of cadavers that he received through an associate in the Royal College of Surgeons. Kelly is a cousin of the Duke of Norfolk, and some of the 30 human body parts police seized were found at his family's ancestral castle in Kent. Kelly formerly worked as a butcher.
Producer/director/screenwriter Paul Bern was on the fast track at MGM, when he committed suicide by putting a .38 pistol to his head in his wife's bedroom. His wife of two months was actress Jean Harlow. Bernwas twice her age, and the note found with his body suggested he had ended his life because he was impotent. The very next day, Bern's first wife, starlet-wannabe Dorothy Millette, jumped into the Sacramento River.
Three men working in a psychiatric hospital in Kazakhstan have been charged with murdering seven prostitutes and eating them. A police investigator said the three had ground up the women's flesh and made pelmeni - Siberian meat ravioli - out of them. Interior Ministgry spokesman Aman Ismailov said the men had 'given evidence as to their guilt.' He added they would undergo psychiatric examinations. (Bizarre Magazine)
In 1916, a British seaman saw a bottle bobbing in the north Atlantic. He fished it from the water, opened it, and read the final message sent from the Lusitania before it sank, taking with it some 1,198 passengers. 'Still on deck with a few people. The last boats have left. We are sinking fast. Some men near me are praying with a priest. The end is near. Maybe this note will...' And there it ended.
Elvis Presley died alone in the master bathroom of Graceland, his Memphis mansion, tottering off the toilet in a drug- induced stupor while trying to focus on a book about sex and astrology. The cause of his death was congestive heart failure; an autopsy revealed advanced arteriosclerosis, enlarged liver, and evidence of drug abuse. He did not follow the James Dean edict of 'live fast, die young, and leave a good-looking corpse'.
In 1972 a JAT flight between Copenhagen and Belgrade disappeared at 33,000 feet after an explosion on board. Rescuers searching the wreckage were amazed to find Vesna Vulovic, a stewardess, alive, with only a leg injury. She had landed in deep, soft snow and, possibly due to the angle of impact, had miraculously survived. Her escape did not put her off flying, and she continued to fly with JAT for another 20 years.
It is claimed that Thomas a Kempis (1379-1471) was denied canonization after it was pointed out that, when his coffin was opened, splinters of wood from the underside of the lid were found embedded beneath his fingernails: surely no aspiring saint, finding himself alive in his grave, would have made such frantic attempts to postpone the meeting with his Maker? (Death: A History Of Man's Obsessions And Fears)
On November 28, 1979 an Air New Zealand DC-10 which was flying a sightseeing tour over the Antarctic smashed into the side of Mt. Erebus, killing all 257 people aboard instantly. The official cause was listed as 'the act of the airline in changing the computer track of the craft' so that it flew directly over Mt. Erebus, not around it as had been standard procedure, 'without telling the crew.' Oops.
Speaking to reporters at the Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) Hospital in April, where he was recuperating after being shot in the leg by a stray bullet during a police-robber shootout, 16-year-old Mohd Zulkhairi Khalid said it was both a shock and a rush to be hit. Although he had seen such things on television, he told The Star newspaper, he felt thrilled to experience for himself the excruciating pain.
In the New England colonies during the 1600's, sodomy was a capital crime, and executions were not unknown. Even in borderline cases an offender could be sentenced to be 'whiped... & have one of his nostrills slit so high as may well be, & then to be seared, & kept in prison, till he bee fit... & then to be whiped again, & to have the other nostrill slit & seared.' Those crazy Puritans! (American Heritage)
Everyone is familiar with the RCA logo with Nipper the dog listening to the RCA grammaphone. But the original picture had both the dog and the grammaphone sitting on his dead master's casket. The idea being that the closest thing to his dead master's voice was the RCA grammaphone. The ad was considered too morbid - so they removed the casket. More's the pity... (Deb And Jen's Land O'Useless Facts, donated by Cedric)
The Duke of Monmouth was beheaded in England in 1685 in one of history's messiest executions (it took five chops). The body and head were dispatched for burial, but at the last moment it was realized that no portrait existed of the Duke. Since he had been the illegitimate son of King Charles II, it was considered important to have a portrait, so the body and head were sewed back together, dressed, and painted.
In 1212, flames that started in the church of Saint Mary Southwark spread unchecked through London, destroying much of the city. A great crowd of people was trapped on the (at this time) wooden London Bridge when fire broke out at both ends. By the time the fire was extinguished, some three thousand people had been killed. This was the second fire to destroy London. (The Pessimist's Guide To History)
In February, 1999, Claudia Archer, 52, settled her malpractice lawsuit against Walter Reed Army Medical Center for about $4 million. Archer entered the hospital to have a benign tumor removed from her neck, but over the next four months, allegedly because of errors and infections, both her legs had to be amputated below the knee and tubes inserted in her body to help her eat and breathe. (News Of The Weird)
When congressman Leo Ryan went to Guyana to investigate the People's Temple settlement, he took plenty of reporters with him. People's Temple leader Jim Jones wasn't happy about the publicity. Gunmen surrounded Rep. Ryan's plane as his party prepared to leave. NBC cameraman Robert Brown was taping as Rep. Ryan and three others were shot and killed. He kept taping as the gunmen advanced, shot, and killed him too.
On February 19, 1997,a 16-year-old student opened fire with a shotgun in a common area at the Bethel, Alaska, high school. School principal Ron Edwards and classmate Josh Palacious were killed. Two other students were wounded. Authorities later accused two other students of knowing the shootings would take place. Evan Ramsey was sentenced to two 99-year terms. (USA Today, suggested by Kevin Frost)
Al Adamson directed a number of 'B' horror movies in the 60s and 70s. His death mimicked the ghoulish nature of his films. His decomposed body was found on August 2, 1995, wrapped in linens and buried beneath the newly tiled floor of his whirlpool tub. No time of death could be determined, but Adamson had last been seen alive five weeks earlier. Fred Fulford, a live-in contractor, was charged with homicide.
Crazed Russian ruler Ivan the Terrible wasn't always so terrible. For a few years he was a happy family man and a wise, reforming ruler. However, after suffering greatly from a horrible illness he regained consciousness to discover that his wife Anastasia and his son Dmitri were dead. From this point on, Ivan was truly Terrible... and no one was safe from his wrath. He even flailed and boiled his own followers.
In January, 1905, striking Russian workers marched on the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg to present their petition of grievances to Czar Nicholas II. They were met, not by the czar, who had left the city, but by a hail of bullets from barricaded Russian troops. Outrage over the killing of 1,000 strikers and the wounding of another 1,000 helped spark an unsuccessful revolution later that year. (The People's Almanac #2)
In separate incidents in a three-week period in April and May, three people attempted to set fire to their spouses yet botched the jobs and actually lit themselves up: Ms. Solonia Gene, 25, Des Moines, Iowa (intended to punish husband for staying out all night); a Durham, N.C., man (just planned to scare his wife after a fight); and Tarance Love, 37, St. Louis (ordinary domestic fight). (News Of The Weird)
When Margaret Pole, Countess of Salisbury was sentenced to execution by that kindly old man himself, Henry VIII, she behaved in a manner ill-conceieved for a woman of stature. She refused to put her head down on the block and she ran about in a wild panic. Finally, the executioner was forced to hack her to bits on the run. And to think, it could have been much more painless if only she'd behaved herself!
Over 100 Chinese have been killed in the past year by exploding beer bottles and more have been injured or blinded. Many Chinese breweries use thin bottles-often soy sauce or vinegar bottles-and the bottoms fly off when CO2 pressure builds up. China is the world's second-largest beer producer and consumer with an annual output of about 50 billion bottles. (All About Beer Magazine, donated by Bruce Townley)
Jack Gilbert Graham, a petty criminal, was always annoyed by his doting mother. In 1955, when she came to visit him in Denver, Jack gave her a Christmas present to take back home with her on the plane. The present, fourteen pounds of dynamite with a timer in a box, blew up shortly after takeoff, killing 44 people. This, he said, made him feel freer than he had ever felt before. It also got him gassed in 1957.
Another entry in the 'Sick Things That Evil People Do' Department: Jerry Brudos was a sadistic murderer and necrophiliac. He once strangled a woman to death and then hung her corpse from a hook in the ceiling and undressed the body, which he subjected to electrical charges to see if he could make the body dance. He also engaged in necrophilia with the corpse before disposing it by dumping it in a river.
Sergei Grinkov was one half of the Russian skating pair that took gold at the 1988 and 1994 Winter Olympics. He and his wife Katcha Gordeeva wowed the skating world with their graceful, ballet-like performances. On November 20, 1995, they were on tour with an ice show when Grinkov collapsed on the ice during a routine practice. At 28 and with no history of heart trouble, he suffered a fatal heart attack.
A woman in Bradshaw, Md. was trapped for three days under the body of her boyfriend after his pickup truck went off the roadway, cleared a stand of trees, and landed behind an embankment. A roadcrew tending grass alongside the roadway found the woman, who was suffering from a broken back, shoulder, and ankle. Between her injuries and the weight of her dead boyfriend, the woman had been trapped in the truck.
On May 25, 1979 a DC-10 flying out of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on its way to Los Angeles lost its number one engine during its takeoff run. The pilots, believing they had a routine engine failure, continued normal protocol, unaware that the engine had fallen off the plane, severing vital hydraulic lines. Twenty seconds after takeoff, the aircraft began a rapid roll to the left. Ten seconds later it hit the ground and exploded, killing all 271 people on board.
A 76-year-old man died after the ambulance stretcher he was strapped to rolled down a grade and overturned. Edward Juchniewicz of Canonsburg was being transported from a nursing home to a doctor's office for an appointment. The ambulance attendants left the stretcher in the parking lot at the doctor's office and went to talk with the doctor's staff. The cot rolled away and turned over, injuring the man in the head.
Betty Lou Williams was the daughter of poor black sharecroppers. She looked very pretty and shapely in her two-piece bathing suit on the sideshow stage - but growing out of her left side was the bottom half of a body, with two legs and one misplaced arm. Betty, who died at the age of 21, made a lot of money during the depression. Her friends say she died of a broken heart, jilted by a man she loved.
On January 18, 1778, Capt. James Cook in the Resolution, attempting on his third and final world-circling voyage to discover a northern sea route from the Pacific to the Atlantic, became the first European to visit the Hawaiian Islands. At Kealakekua Bay the following year, a crowd of irate Hawaiian natives, whom he had tried to subdue by threats of force, brutally murdered the 50-year-old explorer. (The People's Almanac #2)
On June 19, 1953, Julius and Ethel Rosenberg became the only American civilians ever to be executed for espionage. Their appeals exhausted and their plea for executive clemency ignored by President Truman and later refused by President Eisenhower, the couple bid farewell to their two preteen sons and walked the last mile to the electric chair at Sing Sing. They proclaimed their innocence to the end. (The People's Almanac #2)
Cuban born Julio Gonzalez came to the United States in the 1980 Mariel boat lift. Ten years later, in a fit of jealousy, he killed eighty-seven partiers. Pissed off at his ex-girlfriend, Lydia Feliciano, who was dancing with someone else, Julio bought a buck's worth of gasoline and torched the Bronx's Happy Land Social Club killing nearly everyone inside. Only six survived. As luck would have it, one of them was lucky Lydia, his ex-girlfriend.
In his native Cambodia, Haing S. Ngor was imprisoned and tortured by the Khmer Rouge. To avoid execution, he denied that he was a doctor; his secret forced him to watch his wife and child die during childbirth. He escaped and made it to the U.S., where he won an Oscar for his performance in 'The Killing Fields'. On February 25, 1996, he was slain by a gang when he refused to hand over a gold watch bearing his wife's photo.
Jennifer Lee RoGala, 30, was arrested in March in Anthony, Ala., and charged with aggravated child abuse after she playfully chased and wounded three neighborhood children by shooting them with an air-powered pellet gun. According to the neighbor who called the police, RoGala was unremorseful: 'She said they used to do it all the time up North and couldn't understand what the big deal was about shooting kids with pellets.'
A group of thirsty monkeys stoned a herdsman to death in drought-stricken northern Kenya as he watered his livestock in February, 2000. 'In a clear sign of worsening drought, a herdsman was killed after riotous monkeys stoned pastoralists at a watering point in Wajir district,' the East African Standard newspaper said. A nurse in district said the man died from severe head injuries. Herdsmen in Wajir usually tend cows and camels. (Reuters)
Marie Prevost began her acting career as a bathing beauty in Mack Sennett comedies, but after starring in a string of forgettable films her career began to slide. She started to gain weight and hit the bottle. A worker at her apartment building gained entry to her residence after hearing her dachshund barking incessantly for two days, and found her lifeless body, which had been partially chewed by her dog. The cause of death was alcoholism.
Englishman George Joseph Smith became known as the 'Brides in the Bath' murderer for his habit of drowning his wives in the tub in order to collect on their life insurance. Smith vehemently proclaimed his innocence, leaping up during his trial and shouting, 'I am not a murderer, though I may be a bit peculiar!' The jury didn't buy it, at least the first part. He was hanged on Friday, August 13, 1915. (The A To Z Encyclopedia Of Serial Killers)
In August, the family of the late Russell U. Shell filed a wrongful- death lawsuit against The Other Side nightclub in Fitchburg, Mass., charging that Mr. Shell choked to death on a miniature plastic penis that allegedly had been placed into his drink glass as a prank by an employee. (The club owner said Mr. Shell merely suffered a seizure and that the charm was found on the floor beside Mr. Shell's body.) (News Of The Weird)
The worst avalanche tragedy in U.S. history occurred in Wellington, Washington on March 1, 1910 and became known as the Wellington Snowslide. A vast mass of snow avalanched from the Cascade Mountains and swept down on the town, sriking the railway station area. The whole station building together with three locomotives, carriages, rails and other debris were swept away into a gorge 150 feet below, and over 100 people lost their lives.
A police detective reading the confession of Lyle Clinton May in Asheville, N.C., in March told a jury that after May had killed a 21-year-old woman, he also stabbed her 4-year-old son to death. 'It didn't seem right leaving him alive,' May wrote. 'I felt sorry for him. I did not want to see the kid crying or having the memory of his mom being killed.' May was sentenced to death. (News Of The Weird, donated by William Leary)
The government of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu announced in August that it would offer stepped-up welfare benefits to poor women who give birth to female babies, in exchange for the mother's promise not to kill the baby, which is an increasing problem as males are more economically valuable. Also, the government will require 30-day hospital stays for mothers with baby girls, to increase the bonding, which it believes will decrease the murders.
On September 9, 1845, the Irish newspapers first reported the potato blight which was to create the 'Great Irish Famine'. The nation of Ireland had become dependent on the potato as the main ingredient in their diet. When a fungus destroyed the potato crop, over a million people starved an additional million survivors left the island, many destined for America. Incidentally, there is still no cure for the fungus which caused the blight.
In 453 AD, the notorious villian Attila the Hun married a young girl named Ildico. Despite his reputation for ferocity on the battlefield, he tended to eat and drink lightly during large banquets. On his wedding night, however, he really cut loose, gorging himself on food and drink. Sometime during the night he suffered a nosebleed, but was too drunk to notice. He drowned in his own blood and was found dead the next morning.
A 66-year-old nursing home patient died in Jackson, Mississippi after being bitten hundreds of times by fire ants that swarmed over her while she lay in bed. Nell Rein, who had Alzheimer's disease, was found covered in fire ants when employees checked on her during the early morning of August 30, 1998. She died four days later from heart failure brought on by physiological stress, according to her physician. (The Associated Press)
Derrick L. Richardson, 28, was charged in April in Minneapolis with third-degree murder in the death of his beloved cousin, Ken E. Richardson. According to police, Derrick suggested a game of Russian roulette and put a semiautomatic pistol to Ken's head instead of a revolver. (For the gun-unschooled: There is much less mystery to the game if played with a semiautomatic, in which the one bullet automatically goes to the firing chamber.)
In Greenville, Tennessee, a dachshund apparently ate three of his master's toes while the man slept. Charles Golden, 50, woke up to find he was missing his big left toe and the two adjoining toes. X-rays of his dog's stomach revealed bone fragments. The family plans to keep the dog. Police said Golden drank alcohol the night before and didn't have much feeling in his feet because he is diabetic. (USA Today, donated by Walter Hanig)
The first recorded blood transfusion was performed on dogs in 1665. At that time, there were many attempts to transfuse dogs' blood to humans, but these were almost always fatal. As a result, transfusions were outlawed in 1678 by the Paris Society of Physicians. In 1818, Dr. James Blundell declared that species lines should not be crossed and performed several successful human blood transfusions for hemorrhage in children. (Australian Red Cross)
In December, Alan Hall, 48, reported to police in Fairfield, California, that he had been Bobbittized by a woman in revenge for Hall's having killed a friend of hers 14 years ago. (Hall served time for voluntary manslaughter.) Then, two days later, Hall admitted that there was no other woman and that he had done it himself for unstated reasons. (You have to wonder what sort of reason anyone would have to do that sort of thing?)
When eighty-four-year-old Hilda Diggden, who had spent a lifetime caring for cats and had taken dozens of strays into her house, died in Stoneham, Massachusetts, in November 1982 her remains were eaten by her pets. Cats living in the house attacked police officers who tried to recover the body. 'The body was in a semi-skeletal state,' one officer reported. 'It was one of the roughest things I've ever seen. They were literally feeding off her.'
In Ljubljana, Slovenia a passionate angler at an eastern Slovenian lake caught a fish so big that he drowned trying to reel it in. Determined to land the sheatfish, a type of catfish, the 47-year-old fisherman walked into the lake after hooking it and refused to let go when it pulled him under. A friend, who is not identified, said, 'Fran Filipic's last words before he drowned were: 'Now I've got him!'' (Associated Press)
Farzod Bazoft was an English journalist who was executed in Iraq in 1990 for allegedly being a spy. He maintained his innocence after his death by having his tombstone inscribed as follows: 'I hope the world will decide after I have gone what kind of person I have really been. It is a shame to die without the world having heard the whole truth.'
The last execution in the Tower of London took place on Thursday, August 14, 1941, when Josef Jakobs, a German spy, was shot by an eight-man firing squad. Because he had suffered a broken ankle when he had parachuted into England on the night of January 31, 1941, he could not stand before the firing squad and he was, instead, seated in an old Winsdsor Chair and tied up. Five of the eight shots pierced his heart. (The People's Almanac #2).
Carl Switzer, otherwise known as 'Alfalfa' of 'Little Rascals' fame, died in 1959 at the age of 31 when he was shot to death by an ex-business partner in the big-game hunting business. Allegedly, the man owed Switzer $50, and the shooting was called a justifiable homicide, because Switzer threatened him with a knife. This has been disputed because of claims by family and friends that he never carried weapons. (Rascal Bios)
In February, 1948, a Moscow-directed coup d'etat in Prague abolished democracy in Czechoslovakia. Foreign Minister Jan Masaryk, 62, remained in office even after the Communist takeover but soon plunged to his death from an upper-story window. Whether the act was suicide, an accident, or murder remains unclear. The Czech coup raised alarms in the West and is generally considered the beginning of the cold war. (The People's Almanac #2)
When she was 13 years old, Joan of Arc had visions telling her that she was to lead the French army to victory. She managed to convince the dauphin (son of the former king) to allow her to lead the troops. In April 1429, she led her troops to victory over the English. However, in May of 1430, she was captured by the English and sentenced to die as a heretic. On May 30th, 1431, Joan of Arc was burned at the stake. She was not yet 20 years old.
Following the battle of Midway, on June 7, 1942, one of the American survivors pulled out of the ocean was Ens. George Gay, the sole survivor of the torpedo bomber, Torpedo 8, which was shot into the sea by Japanese anti-aircraft guns. He survived for another 55 years, dying in 1996. At his death, Gay's ashes were scattered over the grid reference off Midway where his shipmates fell, forever reuniting Torpedo 8's aviators.
On October 12, 1915 Edith Cavell, 49, a British nurse tending to the war wounded at a Red Cross hospital in Brussels, was executed by a German firing squad for her part in helping some 200 Allied POWs escape to the Dutch border. The Allied governments denounced the action as murder. German officials defended it as necessary 'to frighten those who might presume on their sex to take part in enterprises punishable with death.' (The People's Almanac #2)
Millions of people were stunned to learn that game show host Ray Combs, 40, had hanged himself in his hospital closet. He had been taken to the hospital for observation after trying to kill himself several times earlier. The host of 'The New Family Feud' for six years, he had tried other TV ventures, but nothing was as popular as that game show. He had also been having some family feuds of his own - he was despondent about an impending divorce, and was at least $500,000 in debt.
In the 1850's, when most women stayed home to become wives and mothers, one woman, nicknamed Sadie the Goat, rose to leadership in a tough New York street gang. Sadie become known as 'The Goat' because of the way she would charge headfirst, full-speed along the sidewalk at some poor sap. She'd butt into her prey like a billy goat, right into the stomach, leaving her victim breathless and helpless on the ground. Then she'd go through his pockets at her leisure, relieving him of any and all valuables.
A Swedish man escaped from a blaze at a hunting cabin in central Sweden but froze to death as he fled, naked, on a snowmobile, a Swedish newspaper reported on Monday. Daily Aftonbladet said the man failed to save any of his clothes after the fire broke out on Saturday night in the cabin at Klovsjo. He was found dead on his snowmobile on Sunday afternoon, about four km (2.5 miles) from the burnt-out cabin, with no apparent injuries from the fire. (Reuters, donated by Bruce Townley)
Scott Wisner Jr. was on his final run before retirement from his job as a Greyhound bus driver on Saturday, June 20, 1998 when his bus veered off the rain-slick Pennsylvania Turnpike and slammed into a tractor-trailer parked on a wide shoulder. Seven people were killed and 18 injured in Greyhound's deadliest accident since the 1970s. Wisner, his wife, Marcia, and their ward, 8-year-old Christian Jorgenson were all killed in the accident. (Associated Press)
A young girl was killed by a bear cub at a zoo in Siberia, the Interfax news agency reported Friday. The 7 or 8-year-old child had been trying to feed the bear cubs in the central Siberian zoo. One animal knocked her over with a single blow, pulled her into the cage and mauled her to death. The bear, along with another cub in the cage, was shot dead by zoo keepers who had attempted, in vain, to save the girl. (The Nando Times, donated by Bruce Townley)
The world's construction force is numerically massive. Over a lifetime, each worker can on the average expect to have three or four serious injuries which will keep him off work more than three days. One in 50 will die in a site accident. Falling from heights is the major killer, but other hazards include electrocution, explosions, the inhalation of toxic gases, and a multitude of chemical hazards from the handling of various solvents, paint removers, and resins. (The People's Almanac #2)
Sawney Beane was a 15th century Scottish cannibal who lived with his wife in a cave on the Galloway coast where they grew fat on the flesh of travelers unfortunate enough to pass within earshot of their home. Over the course of 25 years, the Beane clan grew to include 8 sons, 6 daughters, 18 grandsons, and 14 granddaughters - who would often hunt as a unit. By the time the law caught up with them in 1435, the Beanes had slaughtered and devoured over 1,000 people.
Jim Fixx, author of the best selling 'Complete Book of Running,' which started the jogging craze of the 1970s, was visiting Greensboro, Vermont when he walked out of his house and began jogging. He'd only gone a short distance when he had a massive coronary. His autopsy revealed that one of his coronary arteries was 99% clogged, another was 80% obstructed, and a third was 70% blocked....and that Fixx had had three other attacks in the weeks prior to his death.
On succeeding to the Sultanate in 1640, Turkish ruler Ibrahim I became obsessed with sex. Admiring the shape of a young cow's genitalia, he had a gold impression made and paraded throughout his empire, urging his emissaries to find a woman whose equipment matched his bovine ideal. An Armenian woman named Sechir Para ('Sugar Cube') was discovered and became his Cinderalla: on her say-so he had the rest of his 280-strong harem drowned in the Bosphorus. (Bizarre)
The Apollo space program, scheduled for its first launch on February 21, 1967, started in tragedy. On Jan. 27, 1967, astronauts Gus Grisson, Ed White, and Roger Chaffee were executing a dress rehearsal when fire was smelled in the command module. Caused by a spark due to faulty electrical wiring, the fire burned the inner walls of the capsule, releasing toxic smoke. It took technicians five minutes to open the complex escape hatch, only to find that the astronauts trapped inside had already suffocated.
The case histories of serial killers are rife with instances of juvenile animal torture. As a boy, for example, Henry Lee Lucas enjoyed trapping small animals, torturing them to death, then having sex with the remains. The earliest sexual activity of the appalling Peter Kurten -- the 'Monster of Dusseldorf' -- also combined sadism with bestiality. At thirteen, Kurten discovered the pleasures of stabbing sheep to death while having intercourse with them. (The A to Z Encyclopedia of Serial Killers)
The execution of Charles McIlvane (1892)was a horrid experiment gone awry. Instead of attaching the electrodes to him, the electrodes were immersed in two vats of salt water. McIlvane's hands were handcuffed or otherwise strapped down so that they were inside of the buckets. It was believed that this would cause a quicker death. McIlvane suffered horrendously and all who witnessed this awful event agreed that this was not a reasonable method of carrying out the death sentence via electrocution.
The 'Sultan of Swat' must have felt the hand of the Grim Reaper on him. On August 16, 1948, George Babe Ruth had already spent weeks in the hospital. He told a visitor, Dont come back tomorrow, I wont be here. Later that evening, when he got out of bed and a doctor askedhim where he was going, he answered, 'I'm going over the valley'. Ruthdied an hour later from throat cancer. His body lay in state in Yankee Stadium for two days, where 77,000 people paid tribute.
In December 1996, Phillip Johnson, then 32, of Johnson Bottom, Kentucky, shot himself in the left shoulder with his .22-caliber rifle, 'to see how it felt,' he told ambulance personnel. On October 2, 1997, an ambulance crew was again called to Johnson's home, where Johnson was bleeding from another left-shoulder shot fired by a .22-caliber rifle. A source told the Inez Mountain Citizen newspaper that Johnson said the December shooting 'felt so good,' he had to do it again.
Scottish surgeon Mungo Park, sent by the English African Association, set out from the Gambia to explore the Niger River on June 21, 1795. He was the first European to see this river. His frustrating 18-month journey included imprisonment by Arabs, near starvation, and a seven-month-long illness. In 1805 he returned to the Niger with a small expedition that ultimately perished. Before being attacked by natives and drowned at Bussa, he had paddled 1,200 miles downstream. (The People's Almanac #2)
A 42-year-old man killed himself watching the August, 1999 solar eclipse while driving near Kaiserslautern, Germany. A witness driving behind him stated that the man was weaving back and forth as he concentrated on the partially occluded sun, when he suddenly accelerated and hit the bridge pier. He had apparently just donned his solar viewers, which are dark enough to totally obscure everything except the sun. (The Official Darwin Awards, donated by SuperMatt)
In 1916, a circus elephant named Mary ran amok and killed a man in Erwin, Tennessee. Demanding justice, the enraged townspeople dragged the pachyderm to a railroad derrick, bent on hanging her. Before a crowd of 5,000 curiosity seekers, the mob spent two hours stringing their victim up, only to have her fall to the ground when the steel cable holding her snapped. On their second attempt, however, the cable held and the prisoner was hanged. (Poor Mary...) (The People's Almanac #2)
While excavating Ben Franklin's house in London, 10 skeletons were discovered buried in the basement. It is believed that the bodies were placed there by Franklin's friend Dr. William Hewson. Hewson was a pioneer anatomist and, because dissection of humans was prohibited, he had to get cadavers from grave robbers and dispose of them carefully - or face death or deportation. On April 23, 1774, Hewson, then 34, cut himself while dissecting a putrid corpse and later died of blood poisoning.
When Larry Nettles received a pink bag from the South Carolina funeral home that had buried his father-in-law, he assumed it would contain the dead man's possessions. In fact it contained his heart and internal organs, sent to the family by mistake. Nettles only learned whwat was in the bag after his cat clawed it open. When he phoned the funeral home to complain, he was told to just bury the organs in the back garden. Unsurprisingly, he's suing. (Bizarre Magazine)
Jerome Irving Rodale, was the founding father of the organic food movement, creator of 'Organic Farming and Gardening' magazine, and founder of Rodale Press, a major publishing corporation. Rodale, who bragged 'I'm going to live to be 100 unless I'm run down by a sugar-crazed taxi driver,' was only 72 when he appeared on the 'Dick Cavett Show' in January 1971. Part way through the interview, he dropped dead in his chair. Cause of death: heart attack. The show was never aired.
Russian tyrant Ivan the Terrible, born in 1530, was always a rather brutal child. One of his favourite games was 'splattering dogs', dropping them from the top of a high tower into the courtyard two hundred feet below. He also enjoyed riding out with his friends and bodyguards into the streets of Moscow, then allowing the horses to ride at full gallop into crowds, trampling underfoot anyone who was too slow to get out of the way. (The Mammoth Book of the History of Murder)
63-year-old tenor Richard Versalle died onstage at New York's Metropolitan Opera immediately after delivering the line: 'Too bad you can only live so long' in Janacek's The Makropulos Case. It was the first performance and Versalle, who was playing the legal clerk Vitek alongside Jessye Norman, climbed a 20 ft ladder to file a legal brief, but had a heart attack and plunged to the ground. Janacek's opera is about the secret of eternal life. (The Urban Legends Reference Pages, donated by Pete23)
The largest single-aircraft disaster occurred on August 12, 1985 when a ruptured bulkhead resulted in total loss of hydraulics for a Japan Air Lines 747. The pilot managed to fly the jet by using engine power to control the direction, but the plane was losing altitude. Although the pilot managed to avoid Mount Fuji, he could not avoid Mount Osutaka, where the jet crashed into the mountainside at a altitude of 5,000 feet. Only four people survived the crash, which killed 520 people.
German sex-murderer Rudolph Pleil used his trial as a platform for establishing his lethal pre-eminence. Pleil was charged with the rape-murder of nine women. Possessed of a perverse vanity, Pleil was indignant at these accusations, insisting that he was actually responsible for twenty-eight homicides. At his trial, he demanded that the official transcript refer to him as 'der beste Totmacher' - 'the best death-maker'. (The A To Z Encyclopedia Of Serial Killers)
In 1978, Dan White, a former policeman, shot and killed San FranciscoHarvey Milk. Whitepsychiatrists to originate what is now called the 'Twinkie defense.' The defense claimed that WhiteTwinkies, Coca-Cola and potato chips resulted in extreme blood sugar level variations exacerbating his manic depression which, in turn, led to his psychopathic behavior. He served only 4 years in prison for Manslaughter. Upon his parole, he committed suicide with a gun. (San Francisco Confidential).
French scientists are baffled by the disappearance of Mata Hari's head from a collection of the remains of notorious French criminals. The loss came to light this month after a threat by the government to close the Museum of Anatomy in Paris, which houses the mummified heads of about 100 victims of the firing squad and guillotine. The items are among 5,802 conserved body parts used by 19th and early 20th century medical professors as teaching aids. (The Vancouver Sun, donated by tasiia)
In July, 1974 terror in Northern Ireland spread to London as members of the Irish Republican Army planted a 10-lb. time bomb beneath the huge 18th centry Royal George cannon on display in the historical Tower of London. On detonation, the 3-ton relic lifted 5 ft. into the air during visiting hours and splintered into the flesh of tourists, wounding 37, among them 8 children, and killing 1 woman. Beneath the cannon lay a child's severed foot. (The People's Almanac #2)
German criminal law forbade indictment of mental defectives for murder. Thus, Bruno Ludke, who had been sterilized under the Nazi eugenics program after conviction for sexual assault, could not be prosecuted when arrested for murder in 1943. He was, therefore, sent to a hospital in Vienna, where he was used as a subject in medical experiments and soon died. It was a fitting fate for a man who had confessed to the murder-rape of some 85 women. The police believed his claim. (The People's Almanac #2)
Murray Fensome of Luton died on October 1983 from drinking too much. A common fate, one might think. But Murray died from drinking too much water, owing to his obsessive fear that all food and medicine were poison to his body. He would cleanse himself completely by downing excessive quantities of water. After a session in which he drank thirty-five pints he was admitted to hospital unconscious, and later died of water on the brain and water intoxication.
The method of disposing of a body can be a very crucial decision in any murderer's life. For instance, Raymond Vargas killed a girl on the Williamsburg Bridge. Instead of throwing the body in the river, like you might think, he goes and gets his girlfriend. They buy a dollar's worth of gasoline, return to the remote site, and attempt to burn the body. Of course, bodies don't burn very well since humans are mostly made of water. The body is found and Vargas is arrested.
A mother of three from Aberdare, South Wales, who suffered a heart attack from the stress of lying awake but helpless during a hospital operation has won her legal battle for compensation. June Blacker, 45, who is expected to receive more than f100,000, said that she felt the scalpel cut into her during the operation to sterilize her. She was so terrified she suffered a cardiac arrest 15 minutes into the operation and watched as doctors fought to restart her heart. (The British Weekly)
The Boots, also known as bootikens or as cashielaws in Scotland, were cruel implements of torture that were frequently used on suspected witches. They consisted of wedges that fitted the legs from ankles to knees. The torturer used a large, heavy hammer to pound the wedges, driving them closer together. At each strike, the inquisitor repeated the question. The wedges lacerated flesh and crushed bone, sometimes so thoroughly that marrow gushed out and the legs were rendered useless. (The Witching Hours)
A Japanese woman suffered a fatal skull fracture after toppling from her 5 inch platform shoes. Misayo Shimizu, a 25-year-old nursery school worker, was found dead in her car after complaining to a male friend that her head had hurt since she took the tumble. Platforms are a big fashion item in Tokyo and have inspired an academic study. Professor Teruko Ishii surveyed her female students and found that 23 percent had fallen off their platforms. Half had suffered fractures or other injuries. (Bizarre)
In 1881, Dr. Albert Southwick, a dentist and former steamboat engineer in Buffalo, New York, witnessed an elderly drunkard accidentally touch the terminals of an electric generator. He was so impressed by the apparent speed and painlessness of the man's death that he discussed the concept of using elecricity as a form of execution with his friend, state senator David McMillan, who later brought the issue to the state legislature where it was eventually approved on January 1, 1889.
When Satanist Aleister Crowley was 11 years old, he killed the family cat in order to discover whether it had nine lives. 'I administered a large dose of arsenic,' he recalled in his Confessions. 'I chloroformed it, hanged it above the gas jet, stabbed it, cut its throat, smashed its skull and, when it had been pretty thoroughly burnt, drowned it and threw it out of the window that the fall might remove the ninth life.' Funny, that's exactly what I would have loved to do to Crowley...
In a May San Jose Mercury News story, local death-scene cleanup professional Neal Smither recalled his most trying cases: (1) the April 1997 case of an 82-year-old hermit whose house contained 16 dead chickens, 2,000 dead rats, two inches of rat feces in all kitchen cabinets, and a bathtub and toilet filled and rock-hard with human feces and (2) the September 1996 case of a man dead for a week in his unventilated apartment and whose body had essentially oozed into the sofa.
On September 19, 1902, a fight broke out in a crowded baptist church in Birmingham, Alabama. Among the crowd of over 2,000, one person made the mistake of yelling, 'A fight!' Some crowd members thought he had yelled 'Fire!' and began a fatal mad rush to the doors. Unfortunately, 2,000 people can't all fit through the doors at the same time, so many people were trampled to death or suffocated in the crowd. In the end, a total of 115 people were killed in this sad and pointless occurrence.
An Austrian woman lived two years with her dead mother wrapped up in a carpet because she could not face parting with her. The corpse was discovered by chance when a policeman visited the apartment in central Vienna to collect the 59-year-old secretary's car license plates for unpaid insurance, the daily Kurier said. There he was hit by an overpowering stench which the woman attributed to the restaurant next door. (Reuters, donated by (Bruce Townley, Terri The Terrible, and Amos Quito)
English poet John Keats died of tuberculosis in Rome at the tragically young age of 26. He was buried in the Protestant Cemetery there and wrote his own tombstone, which bitterly reads: 'This Grave contains all that was Mortal of a Young English Poet, who on his Death Bed in the Bitterness of his Heart at the Malicious Power of his Enemies Desired these Words to be engraven on his Tomb Stone, 'Here lies One Whose Name was writ in Water'.' In his bitterness he even neglected to include his name...
In Milwaukee, Wis., the family of Robert Senz demanded shortly after his burial last July that Borgwardt Funeral Home dig up the body because his wallet was missing. Sure enough, the wallet containing $64 and credit cards was still in Senz's pocket. In February 1997, Borgwardt sent the family a reburial bill for $2,149, but then decided the whole thing was the county medical examiner's fault and sent the bill there, but that office has denied responsibility.
In October, a court in Darwin, Australia, sentenced Christopher Sean Payne, 34, to 54 months in prison for causing the drowning of a 25-year-old woman at a local beach. Justice Sir William Kearney found that, though the intoxicated woman (0.287 blood-alcohol reading) had voluntarily gone underwater to perform fellatio on Payne, he deliberately held the victim's head too long in a 'selfish' desire to 'gratify yourself, to prolong your pleasure' and showed a lack of remorse in the aftermath.
When Ramchandra Kolluru, a cardiologist working in Texas, filled out a prescription for Ramon Vasquez in 1995, he intended to write 'Isordil 20 mg'. Isordil is used to treat heart pains caused by valve problems. But the chemist read the prescription as 'Plendil', which is for high blood pressure and is taken at no more than 10 mg a day. Vasquez had been instructed to take 20 mg of Isordil four times a day. Two weeks later, he died from heart complications. (Bizarre Magazine)
A morbidly obese man, who had to be removed from his apartment by Los Angeles firefighters last August, has died. John Swaney, a former radio news anchor and talk show host, hadn't left his home in three years. He weighed about 800 pounds when firefighters had to break through walls and use a forklift to take him to the hospital. He died at Los Angeles County U-S-C medical center from pulmonary problems related to obesity. (ABC Newswire, donated by Bruce Townley)
At the age of 40, Italian poet Petrarch died and was laid out for mourners to visit. Under local law, corpses had to lie in public view for 24 hours before burial. After 20 hours a sudden change of temperature made him sit up in bed, complain about the draft, and scold his attendants for not looking after him properly. Thus instead of being buried alive, Petrarch went on to live for 30 more years, finally dying for 'good' in 1374. (The People's Almanac #2)
In May of 1994, Tony Moore, 43, of Marietta, Georgia, was gored and seriously injured by a large male bison in Yellowstone, next to the Lake Hotel. Moore and a friend had approached to within 15 feet of the bison to have their pictures taken. While they were standing with their backs to the animal, it charged. Moore's companion escaped, but Moore received a severe puncture wound in his right thigh and was taken by ambulance to a hospital in Jackson for treatment.
Hanging is still a legal method of execution in Montana and Washington. The reason only two states still execute by hanging is that the gallows is widely regarded as inhumane. In Enlightenment France, a humanitarian physician and member of the Assembly made such an impassioned plea against the cruelty of hanging that his name -- Joseph Ignace Guillotin -- was given to the beheading machine that the French then adopted as more humane. (Atlantic Unbound)
Baseball great Ty Cobb was known as much for his ill humor and outright meanness as he was for his considerable skills. Part of the explanation for his sociopathic ways could be the traumatic death of his father when he was young. His mother had a reputation for sleeping around that enraged Cobb's father. He hid outside her window one night in the hope of catching her in the act. However, she mistook the senior Cobb for a prowler and shot him to death on August 9, 1905. (The Big Book Of Bad)
Modern embalming consists of the injection of embalming fluid into the carotid artery by use of either gravity or a pump to allow the fluid to spread throughout the arterial system of the cadaver. During the process, a number of whitish splotches appear on the skin in the areas most effectively embalmed. These are used as guides to determine areas which require direct injection of embalming fluid. The splotches disappear after the procedure is terminated.
James Van Gorder, 31, filed a lawsuit in August against the Parkway Chiropractic Center in Detroit, Mich., for negligence during his recent treatment for back pain. According to Van Gorder, the chiropractor had him take off his clothes and lie face down on the two-part examining table. The way he was lying, his genitals fell between the parts, and when the chiropractor adjusted the table, Van Gorder got caught. He claims extreme pain, suffering, disfigurement, and loss of sexual desire.
Horace Wells was a pioneer of anesthesia in the 1840's. While experimenting with various gases during his anesthesia research, Wells became addicted to chloroform. In 1848 he was arrested for spraying two women with sulfuric acid. In a letter he wrote from jail, he blamed chloroform for his problems, claiming that he'd gotten high before the attack. Four days later he was found dead in his cell. He'd anaesthetized himself with chloroform and slashed open his thigh with a razor.
On September 1, 1923, an earthquake leveled Tokyo. Accompanying landslides, tidal waves, and fires killed 106,000 persons, injured 502,000, and destroyed 694,000 dwellings. Mass hysteria broke out in the city when unfounded rumors spread that Koreans were setting fires, looting, and preparing to attack the people of Tokyo. As a result, many Korean nationals living in the city were brutally assaulted, and some were killed. (The People's Almanac #2)
On July 9, 1980 a twenty-six year old man was killed at an amusement park in Missouri when the ride operator of a rollercoaster mistakenly assumed that the train in which the victim was riding was empty, and switched the track to direct the train into a service area. The area in which the service track ran through was of low clearance, and the victim's head got jammed between the back of his seat and an overhead wooden beam. At least one other person was injured in the accident. (RollerCoaster.Com)
Disgusting Fact Du Jour: Operators of the Casino Niagara in Niagara Falls, Ontario, told the Ottawa Citizen in April that customers' urinating around slot machines has become a severe problem. (Reluctant to leave a machine that they are certain will soon pay off, some customers urinate into the plastic coin cups supplied by the casino, some wear adult diapers into the casino, and some merely urinate on the floor beside the machines.) Now, that's what I call addiction...
Irene Gibbon was one of Tinseltown's most admired costume designers. So well-known did she become that she was known simply as Irene, and stars boasted that they were wearing Irene. Though married, she was secretly in love with actor Gary Cooper, who died in 1961. Distraught, she checked into a room at LA's Knickerbocker Hotel. She slashed her wrists, but when this didn't accomplish what she set out to do, she jumped out of her 14th floor window.
ABIDJAN (Reuters) - Two hearses collided in Ivory Coast killing one of the drivers and injuring nine other people. One hearse was carrying a deceased tax collector and members of his family to his village, the second was travelling with mourners to the commercial capital Abidjan to collect a body. The accident happened in the middle of Saturday night near the western town of Divo. The driver, who died later of his injuries, told police his steering wheel had locked.
Phillip Cross was an aging Lothario and a bungler. To dispose of the wife he no longer wanted, he used arsenic, the most detectable of all poisons. Then - only two weeks later - he married his mistress, a girl young enough to be his granddaughter. The gossip this started led to the exhumation of Mrs. Cross's body. The arsenic was traced to Cross and a jury took only 10 minutes to find him guilty. His young wife abandoned him, and he died on the gallows, a very bitter man, in 1888.
In a Yuba City, California, courtroom on January 18, 1973, Juan Corona, a labor contractor, was convicted on 25 counts of first-degree homicide. The victims, all transient laborers, ages 40 to 68, were unearthed in orchards and along a riverbed by sheriff's deputies; some of them were discovered after Corona's arrest. All of the bodies had been mutilated with a matchete-like weapon. Corona's attorney raised charges of jury tampering, but his request for a retrial was denied. (The People's Almanac #2)
John Jacob Astor was the wealthiest of the Titanic's privileged class. He was travelling with his pregnant young wife, 18-year-old Madeleine, when seabound disaster struck. Astor attempted to secure a seat in the lifeboat occupied by his wife but he was turned away. He accepted his fate like a gentleman and his badly crushed, frozen body was recovered from the Atlantic on April 22, 1912. It is believed that a falling smokestack may have struck him.
Joan Tribblet and Everett Johnson of Chicago were accused on June 13, 1998, for killing their 16-month-old daughter, Onowanique. On Dec. 19, she would not sleep through the night, so they either strangled or suffocated her. The couple then dismembered the child's body and dissolved the remains in battery acid. Undissolved pieces were battered, deep fried, and tossed into the alley for animals to eat. (Trivial Trivia, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
At precisely 12:13 p.m. on May 31, 1911, the Titanic was launched: the 'largest moving object ever made by man' began her short 62 second journey down the greased slipway into her natural element. Unfortunately, the otherwise successful launch was marred by the death of a shipyard worker, James Dobbins, who was fatally injured by a collapsing timber support during the preparations - the unlikely Titanic claiming its second life as another worker had been killed during the reconstruction of the hull.
A possible medical explanation for the phenomenon of vampirism is a condition called porphyria. Porphyria sufferers are sensitive to light; they may grow excessively long hair; their teeth may elongate and become orange colored. Porphyria symptoms are allegedly alleviated by injections of heme, a compound found in human blood, and aggravated by exposure to garlic.
A man who apparently was attempting to get a place in the Guinness Book of World Records was killed when he fell from the Brooklyn Bridge. A witness told investigators that Robert Landetta, 27, was trying to set a record by climbing five bridges in four hours when he slipped off a cable Friday and fell 500 feet to the street, said police spokesman John Giammarino. Police have a videotape of the fall taken by a friend of Landetta's. (CNN Interactive, donated by Fiendish Freya Harris)
In the decades after World War II, medical experiments on prisoners were commonplace. By 1969, fully 85% of new drugs were tested on inmates in 42 prisons. Among the tests performed on inmates in a Philadelphia prison was the administration of Dioxin - a component of Agent Orange. Inmates were subjected to 7,500 micrograms of the toxic chemical - 468 times as much as Dow Chemicals wanted. Two inmates sued, settling for a few thousand dollars. (The Associated Press).
In Edinburgh, Scotland, in 1853, Dr. Alexander Wood devised the hollow metallic needle, attached it to a syringe and called the invention a 'hypodermic syringe'. Wood first used his invention to inject morphine into a surgical patient in 1853. The hypodermic syringe gained wide acceptance and was used extensively, especially in the American Civil War. Unfortunately, this device accounted for 400,000 American soldiers' becoming addicted to narcotics during that war. (The People's Almanac #2)
Born on May 27, 1837, James Butler 'Wild Bill' Hickok was an Indian Fighter and frontier marshall famous for his deadly shooting. On Aug. 2, 1876, he was shot from behind and killed while playing poker in Saloon #10 in Deadwood, Dakota Territory. Jack McCall believed Wild Bill to be the killer of his brother, Lew McCall (which he may have been). Wild Bill Hickok died holding two pairs - aces and eights - a hand which was to be known thereafter as the 'dead man's hand.' (The American West: Legends)
When police raided Jeffrey Dahmer's Milwaukee apartment on July 22, 1991, they found the body parts of 11 victims. There were four male torsos stuffed into a metal barrel, two heads in the refrigerator, two heads in a freezer, and seven skulls. There were boxes of bones and severed hands, a man's genitals in a lobster pot, a freezer packed with lungs, intestines, a kidney, a liver, and a human heart that Dahmer told police he was 'saving to eat later'. (Practical Homicide Investigation)
A dog turned up at a Mamelodi high school in South Africa at the weekend with the head of a new born baby between its jaws. According to Pretoria police spokesman, Captain Morn van Wyk, the dog was seen with its gruesome find at the J. Tekana High School on Saturday afternoon. A murder investigation was opened but detectives have thus far not been able to establish the identity or sex of the infant. On Sunday morning the baby's body was still missing. (DigiNews, donated by Francoise)
Mr Bashucky, 46, said he was so traumatised when his father died of a stroke in Los Angeles that he could think of nothing but getting the body home to Toronto. He put the body on a bed behind the driver's seat in his recreational vehicle and set off on Friday morning. He drove through snow and battering wind, making frequent stops for ice to keep the body cold and sleeping next to it. The vehicle reached the Canada-US border at Niagara Falls by midnight on Monday and was waved through..
In 1994, Mildred Clarke of Albany, N.Y. was found on the floor of her apartment - blue, cold, stiff, and unconscious. Emergency medical technicians and the county coroner pronounced her dead. She was taken to the hospital morgue and placed in the 40-degree cooler, where she stayed for over an hour until a technician noticed she was breathing and had her transferred to the intensive care unit. The next time Ms. Clarke died, the doctors confirmed it with an EKG.
Jarold Sanchez, 23, shot himself in the face in November in Craig, Colo., after spotting an elk near a railroad track on a hunting trip. Sanchez had lain down, resting the barrel of his rifle on the near track, pointed at the elk, and squeezed the trigger, but managed only to hit the other track two feet away, causing the bullet to bounce back and graze his cheek. Sanchez said he knows now that the barrel is lower than the sight. (News Of The Weird)
On November 3, 1957, the U.S.S.R. placed its second satellite in orbit. Sputnik 2, several times larger than its predecessor, carried the first living creature, a dog named Laika, into space. Wired from snout to paw with electronic sensors, Laika fed Soviet scientists on the ground valuable data on the biological effects of takeoff and weightlessness. The animal's oxygen supply gave out in 10 days, as planned, and Laika became the first living thing to die in space. (The People's Almanac #2)
An October Associated Press story reported on the formaldehyde-saturated museum housing works of Mr. Honore Fragonard, an 18th-century French anatomist who sculpted in cadavers, carefully skinned, preserved, and posed. Visitors to the Maisons-Alfort, France, structure (just down the river from the Charenton insane asylum, which is where some say Fragonard belonged) nowadays are struck by how much his works resemble the 'Alien' and other creatures from modern horror films.
Because his throat cancer had already cost him his vocal cords, a Florida smoker died when his attempt to light a cigar engulfed his throat bandages and then his pajamas in flame, and he could not call for help to his sister sleeping nearby. Too feeble from his bout with cancer to use matches or a lighter, he apparently ignited strips of paper on a stove burner in the kitchen where he slept, despite the grave danger from fire because he could neither call for help nor escape from this bed.
An Independence Day celebration ended in death for a nine-year-old boy when he was struck in the head by a bullet fired into the air by a holiday reveller. The slug was travelling at an estimated speed of 700 feet per second as it fell to the earth and slammed into the skull of Brian Perez, who was playing in his front yard. The shot made Brian the 39th person in Los Angeles since 1985 to die from a bullet that was shot into the air in celebration. (Note to self: When in L.A. on July 4th, stay indoors!!) (Bizarre)
